+++
title = "Karen Kienbaum Maintains AV Preeminent® Rating, Highlighting Legal Excellence and Ethical Standards"
date = "2025-03-29T07:05:25Z"
draft = false
summary = "Karen Kienbaum's sustained AV Preeminent® Rating from Martindale-Hubbell® underscores her exceptional legal expertise and ethical conduct, offering insights into the importance of peer recognition in the legal profession."
description = "Attorney Karen Kienbaum achieves AV Preeminent Rating from Martindale-Hubbell, demonstrating top legal ability and ethical standards. Learn more about Kienbaum's expertise in contracts, talent acquisition, and employment law."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/521138/attorney-karen-kienbaum-has-achieved-the-av-preeminent-rating-the-highest-possible-rating-from-martindale-hubbell"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/awards-2.jpg"
article_id = 85749
feed_item_id = 12323
url = "/news/202503/85749-karen-kienbaum-maintains-av-preeminent-rating-highlighting-legal-excellence-and-ethical-standards"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/253/29/quitM4P9.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Karen Kienbaum, a distinguished attorney and founder of The Kienbaum Law Group, PC, has once again been recognized for her outstanding legal expertise and ethical standards by maintaining the AV Preeminent® Rating from Martindale-Hubbell®. This accolade, first awarded to Kienbaum in 1986, is the highest possible rating a legal professional can achieve, based on rigorous peer reviews that assess professional capabilities and ethical conduct.</p><p>With a career that spans several decades, Kienbaum has demonstrated unparalleled proficiency in various legal domains, including contracts, talent acquisition, labor, and employment law. Her unique perspective is further enriched by 14 years of in-house experience with major corporations like Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Ford, equipping her with deep insights into the legal challenges businesses face today.</p><p>Kienbaum's legal acumen is not confined to any single arena. She has litigated cases at both state and federal levels, appeared before the Michigan Supreme Court, and holds the distinction of being admitted to the United States Supreme Court. Her leadership roles, including past president of the Detroit Bar Association and a 14-year tenure as an American Bar Association delegate, highlight her commitment to advancing the legal profession.</p><p>Beyond her legal practice, Kienbaum serves as President of JustUs®, a corporation dedicated to helping businesses navigate the complexities of compliance and risk management. JustUs® addresses critical regulatory areas such as whistleblower laws, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission regulations, showcasing Kienbaum's dedication to fostering ethical business practices.</p><p>The reaffirmation of Kienbaum's AV Preeminent® Rating is a testament to her unwavering commitment to legal excellence and ethical practice. For business leaders and legal professionals alike, Kienbaum's achievements serve as a benchmark for professional integrity and expertise in the ever-evolving legal landscape.</p>