+++
title = "Stanislaus County Expands C-PACE Program to Boost Renewable Energy Projects"
date = "2025-03-19T12:10:38Z"
draft = false
summary = "Stanislaus County's unanimous approval to expand its C-PACE program marks a pivotal move towards financing sustainable energy projects, offering Aemetis a pathway to secure $130 million for initiatives aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions."
description = "Aemetis, Inc. secures approval for C-PACE program extension in Stanislaus County, enabling funding for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. The program offers longer terms and repayment through property tax bills, providing a new capital source for Aemetis. This development underscores Aemetis' focus on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and promoting environmental sustainability."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/aemetis-plans-130-million-funding-under-newly-expanded-stanislaus-county-c-pace-program-7079975"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-2.jpg"
article_id = 85838
feed_item_id = 12044
url = "/news/202503/85838-stanislaus-county-expands-c-pace-program-to-boost-renewable-energy-projects"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/253/19/chef994w.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Stanislaus County has made a decisive move to bolster renewable energy infrastructure by expanding its Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy (C-PACE) program. This expansion, approved unanimously by the county's Board of Supervisors, enables participation in the California Enterprise Development Authority. This strategic decision paves the way for Aemetis, a leader in renewable natural gas and sustainable aviation fuel, to access approximately $130 million in funding for a series of green energy projects.</p><p>The C-PACE program stands out by allowing private enterprises to finance energy efficiency upgrades and renewable energy installations through state municipal bonds, which are exempt from state taxes. These bonds come with notable benefits, such as 30-year repayment terms and the convenience of repayment via property tax bills, offering lenders enhanced protections and liquidity. Eric McAfee, Aemetis's chairman and CEO, highlighted the county's support as crucial for advancing these energy projects, which include a mechanical vapor recompression system at the Keyes plant, an expansion of dairy renewable natural gas production, and the development of a Riverbank Sustainable Aviation Fuel plant.</p><p>Moreover, the program will aid in refinancing the Keyes solar generation system and renewable natural gas upgrading hub, projects recently completed by Aemetis. These initiatives are integral to the company's mission of pioneering technologies that cut down greenhouse gas emissions and substitute petroleum-based products with cleaner alternatives. The county's endorsement of the C-PACE program expansion is a significant leap forward in fostering sustainable infrastructure development. It not only provides Aemetis with a versatile and long-term financing solution for its renewable energy endeavors but also accelerates the adoption of low-carbon technologies, benefiting from advantageous financial conditions.</p><p>This development is a testament to the growing recognition of renewable energy projects' critical role in combating climate change. By facilitating access to substantial funding through innovative financing mechanisms like the C-PACE program, Stanislaus County is setting a precedent for how local governments can support the transition to a more sustainable and low-carbon future. The implications of this decision extend beyond the immediate financial benefits for Aemetis, signaling a broader shift towards renewable energy investments that could inspire similar actions across the country and beyond.</p>