+++
title = "Peapack Private Bank & Trust Strengthens Commercial Real Estate Division with Industry Veteran"
date = "2025-03-05T19:20:13Z"
draft = false
summary = "Zachary Bermudez joins Peapack Private Bank & Trust as Senior Managing Director, bringing over 20 years of commercial real estate finance expertise to enhance the bank's capabilities and client services."
description = "Peapack Private Bank & Trust announces Zachary Bermudez as Senior Managing Director, bringing extensive experience in commercial real estate finance. Learn about the bank's range of customized wealth management and banking solutions."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/peapack-private-bank-trust-welcomes-zachary-bermudez-7079731"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-2.jpg"
article_id = 85950
feed_item_id = 11653
url = "/202503/85950-peapack-private-bank-trust-strengthens-commercial-real-estate-division-with-industry-veteran"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/253/5/knot8PZ0.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Peapack Private Bank & Trust has taken a significant step forward in bolstering its commercial real estate division by appointing Zachary Bermudez as a Senior Managing Director. This strategic move underscores the bank's commitment to expanding its expertise and services in the commercial real estate sector, a critical area of growth and opportunity in today's financial landscape.</p><p>Bermudez's role will encompass the oversight of day-to-day management of credit and reporting functions, alongside managing client interactions. His extensive background, which spans over two decades in commercial real estate finance, positions him as a valuable asset to Peapack Private Bank & Trust. Beginning his career at North Fork Bank in 2003, Bermudez has since held pivotal roles at Signature Bank and A&E Real Estate Finance, where he honed his skills in underwriting, origination, relationship management, and risk oversight.</p><p>At Signature Bank, Bermudez's leadership as Group Director and Senior Vice President was instrumental in managing a commercial real estate loan portfolio exceeding $33 billion. His academic credentials, including a Master of Business Administration in Banking and Finance from Dowling College, further complement his professional achievements. Additionally, his involvement in real estate education as a board member for The Real Estate Institute at Stony Brook University highlights his dedication to the industry's future.</p><p>The addition of Bermudez to the Peapack Private Bank & Trust team is a clear indicator of the bank's strategic direction towards enhancing its commercial real estate offerings. With assets totaling $7.0 billion and under management of $11.9 billion as of December 31, 2024, the bank is poised to deliver even more robust, client-centric solutions. This development is not only significant for Peapack Private Bank & Trust but also for the broader commercial real estate finance industry, as it reflects the ongoing demand for seasoned professionals who can navigate the complexities of the market and drive growth.</p>