+++
title = "Investments & Wealth Institute Unveils Revamped Publication to Empower Financial Advisors"
date = "2025-03-04T17:05:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Investments & Wealth Institute relaunches its publication as 'Investments & Wealth Review', offering financial advisors and wealth management professionals peer-reviewed, industry-leading content with a contemporary design and focus on critical industry trends."
description = "Investments & Wealth Institute launches Investments & Wealth Review, featuring expert insights on wealth management topics. Stay updated on industry trends and best practices for financial advisors. Learn more about the premier association for financial professionals."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/investments-and-wealth-institute-rebrands-its-award-winning-bimonthly-publication-as-investments-and-wealth-review-498075053"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/media-1.jpg"
article_id = 90988
feed_item_id = 11598
url = "/202503/90988-investments-wealth-institute-unveils-revamped-publication-to-empower-financial-advisors"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/253/4/paveWq5K.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>The Investments & Wealth Institute has taken a significant step forward in supporting financial advisors and wealth management professionals by relaunching its esteemed publication under the new name 'Investments & Wealth Review'. This strategic refresh not only introduces a more contemporary visual design but also reaffirms the Institute's dedication to delivering peer-reviewed, industry-leading content. The January/February 2025 issue heralds this transition, with an editorial focus on providing strategic 'advice to advisors' through comprehensive discussions and expert insights.</p><p>The revamped 'Investments & Wealth Review' is set to delve into pivotal industry trends such as the evolution of financial advice, advisor transitions, and the challenges posed by legal and regulatory changes. It will also cover emerging professional development strategies, microtargeting, business development, the economic implications of professional certifications, and the changing dynamics of ultra-high-net-worth wealth management. Avi Sharon, PhD, CAIA®, Chair of the Review's Editorial Advisory Board, highlighted the publication's mission to offer crucial insights to investment and wealth professionals through a modernized perspective, featuring thought leadership from academia and leading financial firms.</p><p>Looking to the future, the publication will introduce an annual 'Commencement' issue in January 2026, showcasing the most notable content from the previous year, including interviews and updates from the organization. The 2025 issues will explore a range of themes from family wealth best practices and portfolio management to retirement strategies and tax considerations, illustrating the Institute's holistic approach to equipping financial professionals with timely and strategic content.</p><p>This relaunch underscores the Investments & Wealth Institute's unwavering commitment to advancing the wealth management sector by providing cutting-edge resources. By modernizing its publication, the Institute not only enhances its value to financial advisors but also solidifies its status as a leading credentialing and educational organization in the field.</p>