+++
title = "CAHEC Opens Registration for 2025 Partners Conference Focusing on Affordable Housing and Community Development"
date = "2025-03-13T07:00:21Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Community Affordable Housing Equity Corporation (CAHEC) has announced its 2025 Partners Conference, offering professionals in the affordable housing sector a platform for learning, networking, and discussing industry trends."
description = "Exciting news from CAHEC: Online registration now open for the 2025 Partners Conference! Join industry leaders in affordable housing and community development to network, learn, and shape the future. Don't miss out on this valuable opportunity."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/520548/cahec-opens-registration-for-the-2025-partners-conference-a-must-attend-industry-event"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/events-1.jpg"
article_id = 93153
feed_item_id = 11866
url = "/202503/93153-cahec-opens-registration-for-2025-partners-conference-focusing-on-affordable-housing-and-community-development"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/253/13/icyJKbE.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The Community Affordable Housing Equity Corporation (CAHEC) has officially opened registration for its 2025 Partners Conference, set to take place on June 3-4, 2025. This event is poised to gather professionals from the affordable housing and community development sectors to exchange vital industry knowledge and establish significant connections. With a focus on the latest economic, legislative, and regulatory trends impacting housing development, the conference promises a comprehensive program filled with expert-led training sessions and interactive educational activities tailored for professionals at all career levels.</p><p>Attendees will delve into specialized areas such as tax credit compliance and Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) management, making the conference an invaluable resource for developers, investors, community organizations, and site-level professionals aiming to navigate the complexities of the affordable housing market. Amy Cross, CAHEC's Director of Communications, underscored the event's importance for professional growth and networking, noting the diverse roster of speakers and sessions planned, including a unique 80s-themed welcome reception to kick off the conference on a high note.</p><p>CAHEC, with its bases in Raleigh, NC, and Columbia, SC, is renowned for its holistic approach to community investment, particularly through tax credit programs like low-income housing, historic preservation, new markets, and renewable energy credits. The 2025 Partners Conference is a testament to CAHEC's commitment to fostering housing opportunities and bolstering community development in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Registration is currently open, inviting professionals to seize this opportunity to gain insights, connect with peers, and shape the future of affordable housing development.</p>