+++
title = "Notify's Overlay Platform Revolutionizes Nurse Call System Management in Senior Living Communities"
date = "2025-08-01T17:40:31Z"
draft = false
summary = "Notify introduces a cost-effective, innovative solution integrating multiple nurse call systems into a single application, significantly improving operational efficiency and caregiver response times in senior living communities."
description = "Notify's Overlay platform integrates nurse call systems in senior living communities, improving care efficiency and reducing response times by up to 50%."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/525493/notify-overlay-platform-streamlines-nurse-call-systems-without-hardware-replacement"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/genai/images/258/1/2511b487debda9bd142083d93bbba8a1.png"
article_id = 131768
feed_item_id = 17978
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/258/1/bendQn7v.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The introduction of Notify's Overlay platform marks a significant advancement in the management of nurse call systems within senior living communities. This Minnesota-based software company has developed a solution that addresses the longstanding challenge of incompatible nurse call systems, which have been a source of operational inefficiency and caregiver frustration. By integrating alerts from over 25 different nurse call system manufacturers, life safety systems, and sensor alerts into a single, smartphone-accessible application, the Overlay platform streamlines alert management and enhances operational visibility for community leaders.</p><p>Unlike traditional methods that require costly hardware replacements, the Overlay platform offers a cost-effective alternative with a flat monthly fee of $350 per building, including analytics and unlimited user access. This innovative approach has already been adopted by more than 700 senior living communities across the nation, including those managed by well-known organizations such as Ebenezer, Great Lakes Management, and Ecumen. The platform's impact is evident, with some communities experiencing up to a 50% reduction in response times compared to traditional pager-based systems.</p><p>Feedback from healthcare professionals underscores the platform's effectiveness and user-friendly design. Gabrielle Ross, RN Executive Director of AL Clinical Services at Country Manor & Woodcrest Of Country Manor, and Amanda Runnoe, Chief Nursing Officer at Heritage Senior Living, have both highlighted the platform's benefits, including improved care delivery insights and operational efficiency. Notify's commitment to enhancing care coordination and caregiver satisfaction is further demonstrated by their current pilot program, offering senior living operators the opportunity to evaluate the Overlay platform's capabilities. For more information, visit <a href='https://notifync.com' rel='nofollow' target='_blank'>https://notifync.com</a>.</p>