+++
title = "Hitachi Digital Services CMO Advocates for Lean Leadership and Strategic Marketing in Tech Industries"
date = "2025-08-04T17:50:41Z"
draft = false
summary = "Menaka Thillaiampalam, CMO of Hitachi Digital Services, shares insights on lean leadership, strategic marketing, and the integration of AI in driving company vision and customer engagement."
description = "Menaka Thillaiampalam joins Hitachi Digital Services as CMO, bringing a data-driven approach to marketing and leadership in future-tech innovation."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/726575/qa-with-menaka-thillaiampalam-chief-marketing-officer-of-hitachi-digital-services/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/newsimage/6d119e1d0487bbd0f3fac96bec66472e.png"
article_id = 135120
feed_item_id = 18069
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/258/4/plumULbV.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>Menaka Thillaiampalam, Chief Marketing Officer of Hitachi Digital Services, has highlighted the critical role of lean leadership and strategic marketing in advancing the company's objectives in sectors such as energy, digital infrastructure, and healthcare. With a distinguished career that includes tenures at AWS, Dell, and LinkedIn, Thillaiampalam's leadership philosophy is rooted in agility, budget innovation, and a human-centric approach, drawing inspiration from the principle of <a href='https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jugaad' rel='nofollow' target='_blank'>jugaad</a>, which underscores the importance of resourcefulness.</p><p>Thillaiampalam's journey underscores the significance of cultural fit and teamwork. A pivotal early career challenge taught her that beyond skills and intentions, shared trust and understanding are foundational to success. This insight has profoundly influenced her leadership style, prioritizing the cultivation of cohesive and collaborative teams.</p><p>In the realm of branding, Thillaiampalam champions a listening-first strategy. The rebranding of Hitachi Digital Services was informed by customer insights, spotlighting the company's AI-first methodology and operational strengths. This approach ensures that branding initiatives are not only innovative but also deeply connected to the customer's reality.</p><p>Artificial intelligence is a cornerstone of Thillaiampalam's marketing strategy, enhancing content creation, customer understanding, and team collaboration. Yet, she emphasizes that the mere adoption of AI tools is insufficient. True success, she argues, lies in the deliberate integration of AI into business processes, guided by a clear strategic vision.</p><p>For her peers in the CMO role, Thillaiampalam offers sage advice: concentrate on what's essential, assemble the right team, and safeguard one's energy. In the fast-paced world of marketing, maintaining focus and intentionality is paramount for sustaining momentum and securing enduring achievements.</p>