+++
title = "Scenthound Reopens Flagship Jupiter Scenter, Showcasing Evolution in Dog Wellness"
date = "2025-08-05T14:50:38Z"
draft = false
summary = "Scenthound's reopening of its flagship Jupiter Scenter highlights its growth and commitment to integrating technology and community engagement into dog wellness."
description = "Scenthound reopens its flagship Jupiter Scenter, showcasing tech-forward upgrades and a renewed commitment to dog wellness. Discover how this national movement is changing pet care."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/727119/scenthound-celebrates-milestone-with-the-reopening-of-its-flagship-scenter-in-jupiter-offers-upgraded-experience-for-dogs-and-their-parents/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/newsimage/85941fe975e6cbd56d7d1d2ad3896d30.jpg"
article_id = 136298
feed_item_id = 18124
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/258/5/vibeBgH8.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>Scenthound, a leader in the dog wellness industry, has marked a significant milestone with the reopening of its flagship Scenter in Jupiter, Florida. This event not only commemorates the brand's journey from a single location to over 140 across 30 states but also showcases its dedication to innovation and community. The Jupiter Scenter, now equipped with digital lobby displays and an interactive kiosk for S.C.E.N.T. Check® results, represents the brand's forward-thinking approach to pet care.</p><p>Founded by Tim and Jessica Vogel in 2015, Scenthound was created to fill the void in routine hygiene care for dogs. The Jupiter location, serving as the initial prototype, has been transformed to reflect the brand's evolution, featuring operational and technological upgrades designed to enhance the customer and pet experience. The S.C.E.N.T. Check®, focusing on Skin, Coat, Ears, Nails, and Teeth, remains central to Scenthound's holistic health philosophy.</p><p>Jessica Vogel, Co-Founder & Chief Brand Officer, emphasized the brand's mission to make essential dog care accessible, aiming to improve the quality and longevity of pets' lives. The Jupiter Scenter's reopening also reaffirms Scenthound's commitment to local communities, with ongoing support for animal welfare organizations such as <a href="https://peggyadams.org" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Peggy Adams Animal Rescue League</a> and <a href="https://furryfriendsadoption.org" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Furry Friends Humane</a>.</p><p>This development is a testament to Scenthound's growth and its impact on the pet care industry, setting a new standard for wellness services that prioritize education, prevention, and accessibility. The enhancements at the Jupiter Scenter not only benefit pet owners in South Florida but also serve as a model for future locations nationwide, further solidifying Scenthound's position as a pioneer in dog wellness.</p>