+++
title = "LaFleur Minerals Inc. Advances Towards Gold Production Restart at Beacon Gold Mill"
date = "2025-08-08T14:45:24Z"
draft = false
summary = "LaFleur Minerals Inc. is making strategic moves to restart gold production at its Beacon Gold Mill in Québec, leveraging favorable gold prices and securing significant financing to support its operations."
description = "LaFleur Minerals plans to restart gold production at Beacon Gold Mill with C$5M financing, leveraging high gold prices and ready infrastructure for near-term gains."
source_link = "https://rss.investorbrandnetwork.com/rns/lafleur-minerals-inc-cse-lflr-otcqb-lflrf-fse-3wk0-secures-financing-advisors-expands-offerings-to-fund-beacon-gold-mill-restart/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/genai/images/258/8/490d339bae971b9e013f85eee1607776.png"
article_id = 143685
feed_item_id = 18372
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/ibn/qrcode/258/8/roamDolj.webp"
source = "InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)"
+++

<p>LaFleur Minerals Inc. (CSE: LFLR) (OTCQB: LFLRF) (FSE: 3WK0) has embarked on a strategic initiative to restart gold production at its Beacon Gold Mill in Val-d’Or, Québec. The company has engaged FMI Securities Inc. and FM Global Markets Inc. to secure up to C$5 million in secured debt financing, a critical step towards funding the mill's operational restart. This financing effort is complemented by two equity offerings: a LIFE private placement and a charity flow-through unit offering, aimed at raising over C$5.4 million in additional capital.</p><p>The Beacon Gold Mill, a facility that is fully permitted and has undergone recent refurbishments, stands at the core of LaFleur's strategy. The company plans to source material from the Swanson Gold Deposit and surrounding projects, leveraging the mill's production-ready infrastructure for near-term production. This strategic move is timed to capitalize on the current favorable gold prices, positioning LaFleur Minerals to enhance its market presence and deliver value to its shareholders.</p><p>LaFleur Minerals' approach underscores the significance of strategic planning and effective capital management in the mining sector. By utilizing existing infrastructure and aligning its operations with market conditions, the company sets a precedent for junior mining companies facing the sector's inherent challenges. For further insights into LaFleur Minerals' financing and production strategies, visit <a href='https://ibn.fm/O5qUa' rel='nofollow' target='_blank'>https://ibn.fm/O5qUa</a>.</p><p>The company's efforts to restart production at the Beacon Gold Mill not only reflect its commitment to operational excellence but also highlight the potential for junior miners to thrive by adapting to market dynamics and leveraging strategic assets. As LaFleur Minerals progresses towards its production goals, its actions may inspire similar initiatives across the industry, contributing to the broader discourse on sustainable and profitable mining practices.</p>