+++
title = "MountainOne Bank Recognized as a 2025 Best Place to Work by Boston Business Journal"
date = "2025-08-11T19:30:49Z"
draft = false
summary = "MountainOne Bank's recognition as one of the 2025 Best Places to Work highlights its exceptional workplace culture and its implications for talent attraction and industry reputation."
description = "MountainOne earns 2025 Best Places to Work honor from Boston Business Journal, showcasing its commitment to a supportive workplace culture."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/729711/mountainone-bank-honored-as-a-2025-best-place-to-work-by-boston-business-journal/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/newsimage/b381af8e210428c45a9adc4caa385d42.jpg"
article_id = 143653
feed_item_id = 18491
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/258/11/leanIle5.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>MountainOne Bank has been honored by the Boston Business Journal as one of the 2025 Best Places to Work in the Medium Business Category, showcasing its commitment to creating an outstanding workplace culture and ensuring high levels of employee satisfaction. This annual recognition by the Boston Business Journal celebrates Massachusetts companies across various sectors for their exemplary employee environments, with MountainOne Bank standing out for its efforts in fostering a supportive and engaging workplace.</p><p>The selection for this prestigious award was based on comprehensive employee-engagement surveys conducted by Quantum Workplace, which evaluated critical factors such as work-life balance, job satisfaction, and the effectiveness of management practices. The award was formally presented at a ceremony on June 12th at The Westin Copley Place, with MountainOne's President and CEO, Robert Fraser, and the company's Spokesgoat Mo, accepting the honor. A feature in the June 13th edition of the Boston Business Journal further highlighted the achievements of MountainOne Bank and other winning companies.</p><p>Robert Fraser highlighted the collective achievement, stating, <i>"This recognition reflects the remarkable culture our employees have helped create. Together, we’ve built and continue to maintain a workplace defined by mutual support, open communication, and a shared commitment to our goals."</i> MountainOne Bank, part of the MountainOne mutual holding company, offers a wide range of financial services through its divisions, including MountainOne Insurance and MountainOne Investments. With a rich history dating back to 1848, the bank is dedicated to providing deposit and lending products for individuals and businesses, with offices in the Berkshires and Boston’s South Shore. More details about MountainOne Bank can be found at <a href="https://mountainone.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">https://mountainone.com</a>.</p><p>This accolade not only underscores MountainOne Bank's dedication to its employees but also enhances its position as a leader in promoting a positive and productive work environment. Beyond the immediate benefits of increased employee morale and pride, this recognition significantly boosts the bank's appeal to prospective talent and solidifies its reputation as an innovative and employee-focused organization within the competitive financial services sector.</p>