+++
title = "BitBridge Capital Strategies Merges with Green Mountain Merger Inc., Pioneering Bitcoin Treasury and Lending Innovations"
date = "2025-08-08T16:25:34Z"
draft = false
summary = "BitBridge Capital Strategies' merger with Green Mountain Merger Inc. and its upcoming public trading under the ticker symbol BTTL heralds a new era in Bitcoin treasury and lending, aiming to mainstream Bitcoin adoption and redefine its role in traditional finance."
description = "BitBridge Capital Strategies merges with Green Mountain, launching Bitcoin Respect Loan and 'Bitcoin is Life' campaign to redefine Bitcoin lending and adoption."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/729099/bitbridge-capital-strategies-successfully-completes-merger-becomes-publicly-traded-bitcoin-treasury-company/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/newsimage/a05ebfbbad19c7c0a5b473aad3653a25.jpg"
article_id = 144457
feed_item_id = 18388
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/258/8/yarnthaI.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>BitBridge Capital Strategies has officially merged with Green Mountain Merger Inc., a pivotal step towards its ambition of becoming a publicly traded Bitcoin treasury company. This merger not only signifies a major leap in BitBridge's operational scale but also positions it uniquely in the Bitcoin economy, with plans to trade under the ticker symbol BTTL on the OTC markets by the end of the third quarter and subsequently uplist to NASDAQ.</p><p>Under the leadership of Paul Jaber, CEO and chairman, BitBridge is committed to bridging the divide between conventional financial systems and the burgeoning Bitcoin standard. The company's pure Bitcoin treasury model is designed to foster the expansion of the Bitcoin economy, establishing a solid Bitcoin reserve devoid of the complexities associated with traditional business operations.</p><p>One of BitBridge's most anticipated initiatives is the launch of the Bitcoin Respect Loan. This innovative lending product is set to revolutionize the market by offering borrower-friendly terms that acknowledge Bitcoin's value as a long-term, sound money asset. By providing interest rates at the lower spectrum of traditional conforming mortgage rates and extending multiyear terms, BitBridge aims to support borrowers in achieving their long-term financial objectives, challenging the prevailing market norms around Bitcoin collateral.</p><p>Furthering its mission to promote Bitcoin adoption, BitBridge has unveiled the 'Bitcoin is Life' branding campaign. This initiative seeks to highlight the diminishing purchasing power of fiat currencies due to inflation and advocate for Bitcoin as a viable alternative. The campaign will leverage high-profile college football sponsorships and a podcast, <a href='https://bitbridgebtc.com/' rel='nofollow' target='_blank'>StraightUpBitcoin</a>, hosted by Jaber, to educate and engage a wide audience on the advantages of adopting a Bitcoin standard.</p><p>With a leadership team rich in experience, BitBridge is not just aiming to enhance shareholder value but is also dedicated to accelerating global Bitcoin adoption. Through its pioneering lending solutions and educational efforts, BitBridge is carving out a niche as a trailblazer in the Bitcoin economy, setting the stage for a future where Bitcoin plays a central role in financial systems worldwide.</p>