+++
title = "Unit Network Secures $18 Million to Democratize Asset Tokenization"
date = "2025-02-20T13:00:12Z"
draft = false
summary = "Unit Network's recent $18 million funding round aims to revolutionize financial accessibility through asset tokenization, impacting industries like real estate, gaming, and digital commerce."
description = "Unit Network secures $18 million investment from industry leaders like Blockchain Founders Fund and Outlier Ventures, enabling tokenization of assets and financial inclusion. Learn more about the impact of this news on the financial industry."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/unit-network-secures-18-million-in-strategic-investment-from-crypto-category-leaders-455929175"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/blockchain-web3-3.jpg"
article_id = 91067
feed_item_id = 11012
url = "/202502/91067-unit-network-secures-18-million-to-democratize-asset-tokenization"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/252/20/facefiGO.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Unit Network, a decentralized financial platform specializing in asset tokenization, has successfully raised $18 million in a strategic investment round. This funding was contributed by leading blockchain and venture capital firms, including Blockchain Founders Fund and Outlier Ventures, alongside notable figures from the technology and entertainment sectors. With a current user base of 50,000 active participants, Unit Network is poised to enhance financial accessibility by offering tools for tokenizing assets across various sectors.</p><p>Michael Healy, co-founder of Unit Network, highlighted the investment's role in scaling the platform's blockchain infrastructure and broadening its tokenization initiatives in critical industries such as real estate, gaming, and digital commerce. The platform's foundation rests on three pillars: fostering financial inclusion via a cooperative economic model, simplifying crowdfunding processes, and establishing a decentralized ownership exchange. These principles aim to transition users from passive consumers to active stakeholders in the economic ecosystem.</p><p>Kat Miroshnikova, another co-founder, pointed out the platform's potential to transform how communities engage with and invest in ventures they support. By leveraging its proprietary Layer one blockchain, Unit Network seeks to lower the entry barriers to asset tokenization, thereby democratizing financial participation and creating more equitable economic opportunities.</p><p>The investment round saw participation from a diverse group of strategic investors, including technology leaders Diego Gutiérrez Zaldívar of Rootstock, Joshua Seims from Metastable Capital, and Richard Wang of Draper Dragon Fund. The inclusion of world-renowned poker players and musicians in the investment group underscores the wide-ranging appeal of Unit Network's innovative approach to finance.</p><p>As Unit Network expands its global community, it stands as a pivotal development in the movement towards more accessible and community-driven financial technologies. This advancement not only empowers individuals and businesses but also marks a significant stride towards redefining economic participation in the digital age.</p>