+++
title = "H&CO Strengthens Leadership Team with Four Key Appointments to Drive Global Expansion"
date = "2025-02-19T19:00:19Z"
draft = false
summary = "H&CO's strategic appointment of four seasoned executives underscores its commitment to enhancing global tax advisory, financial strategy, revenue growth, and operational efficiency."
description = "H&CO announces the appointment of four executives to its leadership team, enhancing capabilities in international tax, accounting, and global expansion. This move signifies the firm's commitment to investing in top-tier leadership for future growth and success."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/519748/hco-announces-key-leadership-appointments-to-drive-growth-and-innovation"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/technology-1.jpg"
article_id = 94469
feed_item_id = 10972
url = "/202502/94469-hco-strengthens-leadership-team-with-four-key-appointments-to-drive-global-expansion"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/252/19/chipujXN.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>H&CO has taken a significant step towards reinforcing its stature in the international professional services sector by appointing four distinguished executives to its leadership team. This move is poised to bolster the firm's capabilities in tax, finance, revenue, and operations, leveraging over 70 years of combined expertise to navigate the complexities of the global market.</p><p>Eduardo Carrillo, with his 17 years of experience as a licensed CPA, has been named President of the Tax & Accounting Division. Carrillo's expertise in international tax strategy and cross-border compliance is expected to enhance H&CO's global tax advisory services, offering clients sophisticated solutions to navigate the intricacies of international taxation.</p><p>Michelle Gonzalez-Rubio steps into the role of Chief Financial Officer and Miami Office Managing Partner. Her 18-year tenure in financial management is anticipated to be instrumental in refining the firm's financial strategy, optimizing performance, and managing risks, ensuring H&CO's financial health and sustainability.</p><p>Nicole K. Cunningham, appointed as Chief Revenue Officer, brings over 15 years of business development experience to the table. Her focus will be on spearheading revenue growth initiatives, forging strategic partnerships, and expanding market presence, with an emphasis on strengthening client relationships and uncovering new business avenues.</p><p>Danay Ramirez, named Chief Operating Officer, rounds out the leadership team with her 15 years of experience in the CPA industry. Ramirez's role will center on operational strategy, resource management, and process optimization, aiming to enhance efficiency and scalability across the firm's operations.</p><p>CEO and President Armando Hernandez highlighted the strategic significance of these appointments, noting the collective expertise and vision the new leaders bring to propel H&CO forward. These appointments reflect the firm's dedication to investing in elite leadership to maintain a competitive edge in the professional services market.</p><p>With these executive changes, H&CO is well-positioned to continue its growth trajectory, offering unparalleled services in international tax, accounting, technology, entity management, trust services, and global expansion. This strategic enhancement of its leadership team signals H&CO's commitment to excellence and innovation in meeting the evolving needs of its clients worldwide.</p>