+++
title = "California's Potential Shift to E-15 Ethanol Blend Could Save Drivers Billions and Reduce Emissions"
date = "2024-09-28T11:20:21Z"
draft = false
summary = "Aemetis, Inc. advocates for a 15% ethanol blend in California gasoline, promising significant consumer savings and environmental benefits."
description = "Aemetis, Inc. calls for the immediate implementation of a 15% ethanol blend in gasoline in California to reduce gas prices and greenhouse gas emissions. The company urges the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to adopt E-15, as 49 other states have already done so."
source_link = "http://www.newmediawire.com/news/california-can-reduce-gasoline-prices-by-adopting-e-15-ethanol-blend-7076081"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/government-politics-1.jpg"
article_id = 92193
feed_item_id = 7235
url = "/202409/92193-californias-potential-shift-to-e-15-ethanol-blend-could-save-drivers-billions-and-reduce-emissions"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/249/28/irisgtPK.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Aemetis, Inc., a leading renewable fuels producer based in California, has urged the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to adopt a 15% ethanol blend (E-15) in gasoline. This initiative could lead to substantial reductions in gas prices for consumers and a decrease in greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles. California stands as the sole U.S. state yet to implement the E-15 blend, despite its approval by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) over a decade ago.</p><p>The proposal gains relevance as Governor Newsom calls for legislative action to combat the state's high fuel prices. Research by UC Berkeley and the US Naval Academy highlights potential annual savings of $2.7 billion for California drivers, equating to about $0.20 per gallon, with average households saving around $200 yearly on gasoline.</p><p>Environmental advantages accompany the economic benefits, with ethanol producing 46% fewer air pollutants than gasoline. This shift supports California's ambitious target of achieving net carbon neutrality by 2045. CARB's studies indicate E-15 could also diminish tailpipe pollutants like particulate matter and carbon monoxide, enhancing air quality and public health.</p><p>Eric McAfee, Chairman and CEO of Aemetis, Inc., underscores the urgency of adopting E-15 to mitigate fossil fuel emissions promptly. He advocates for E-15 as a critical, immediate measure towards environmental sustainability and cost efficiency.</p><p>The transition to E-15 in California could mark a significant step in the state's climate action efforts, reducing fossil fuel dependency and fostering renewable energy use. With the necessary testing completed and billions of miles driven on E-15 nationwide since 2011, its efficacy and safety are well-documented.</p><p>CARB possesses the capability to enact regulations permitting E-15 sales in California by 2025, addressing both economic and environmental transportation fuel concerns. This move could position California as a pioneer in sustainable transportation policies, offering economic relief to residents and advancing the state's environmental objectives.</p><p>As the state explores solutions to high gas prices, E-15 emerges as a viable option that promises immediate financial relief and contributes to long-term environmental sustainability. This initiative reflects California's dedication to innovative approaches in tackling economic and ecological challenges.</p>