+++
title = "Blue Trust Launches Innovative Faith-Based Private Investing Platform"
date = "2024-09-24T14:40:19Z"
draft = false
summary = "Blue Trust collaborates with Vident Asset Management, Brightlight, and Mammoth Technology to introduce a faith-driven private investing platform, setting a new standard for aligning financial goals with personal values."
description = "Blue Trust partners with Vident, Brightlight, and Mammoth to launch a revolutionary faith-based private investing platform. This collaboration aims to transform the private investing landscape and enhance the client-advisor relationship while providing investment opportunities aligned with clients' faith and values."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/blue-trust-selects-vident-brightlight-and-mammoth-technology-to-launch-revolutionary-faith-based-private-investing-platform-864716703"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/technology-2.jpg"
article_id = 92239
feed_item_id = 7082
url = "/202409/92239-blue-trust-launches-innovative-faith-based-private-investing-platform"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/249/24/isleLD3V.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Blue Trust, in partnership with Vident Asset Management, Brightlight, and Mammoth Technology, has unveiled a groundbreaking private investing platform designed to merge financial objectives with faith-based values. This platform is poised to redefine private investing by integrating specialized due diligence, ethical evaluation, and advanced technology to offer a seamless and values-aligned investment experience.</p><p>With $59 billion in assets under advisement, Blue Trust's initiative leverages Vident Asset Management's expertise to construct a platform that not only meets the financial aspirations of its clients but also adheres to their ethical and faith-based principles. Brightlight's role in conducting thorough ethical evaluations ensures that all investment opportunities align with high-impact criteria, thereby fostering trust and integrity within the platform.</p><p>Mammoth Technology contributes its state-of-the-art technological solutions to the platform, enhancing user experience and operational efficiency. This collaboration enables the offering of diverse funds through a unified interface, significantly reducing costs for investors and streamlining processes for advisory firms.</p><p>Brian McClard, Chief Investment Officer of Blue Trust, highlights the platform's potential to empower advisors in serving clients who seek to integrate their faith with their financial strategies. The platform is specifically tailored for registered investment advisors and broker-dealers, providing them with access to a curated selection of private funds and ensuring advisors play a pivotal role throughout the investment process.</p><p>What distinguishes this platform is its ability to accommodate a wide array of fund managers while offering a standardized, white-labeled process for advisors. This innovative approach not only minimizes costs for investors but also enhances the scalability of the onboarding process, thereby reducing errors and bolstering client trust.</p><p>Steve Zuschin, Chief Revenue Officer at Mammoth, underscores the platform's emphasis on strengthening advisor-client relationships, ensuring that clients experience their advisor's brand and guidance at every step of their investment journey.</p><p>The platform's flexibility in investment structures allows for tailored solutions to meet individual client needs, including options for private fund limited partner engagement or the creation of special purpose vehicles for pooling client assets. This initiative marks a significant advancement in faith-based investing, offering a novel avenue for advisors to align investments with clients' financial and ethical values, setting a new benchmark in the integration of faith and finance.</p>