+++
title = "MS Tech Ltd. Advances Global Security with Nanotechnology-Based Detection Systems"
date = "2024-09-20T07:00:12Z"
draft = false
summary = "MS Tech Ltd. has successfully deployed its advanced explosives and narcotics detection systems worldwide, enhancing security measures with innovative, environmentally friendly technology."
description = "MS Tech Ltd. completes multiple shipments and installations of EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN and THREATSCAN explosives and narcotics detection systems in response to increased demand due to ongoing events and terrorist attacks. The reliability and innovative design of the company's flagship products contribute to a completely green and safe working environment, making a significant impact on aviation security, border control, and critical infrastructure sites."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514504/ms-tech-announces-that-its-homeland-security-defense-division-completed-shipments-installations-and-training-programs-of-its-exploscan-duoscan-and-threatscan-detection-systems"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0514504_208720.jpg"
article_id = 92264
feed_item_id = 6994
url = "/202409/92264-ms-tech-ltd-advances-global-security-with-nanotechnology-based-detection-systems"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/249/20/apex7sZ2.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>MS Tech Ltd., a global leader in nanotechnology, IoT, and big-data sensors, has announced the successful deployment of its advanced explosives and narcotics detection systems across various security checkpoints worldwide. This development comes as a response to the increasing demand for sophisticated security solutions amidst ongoing global terrorist threats and the use of improvised explosive devices (IEDs).</p><p>The company's homeland security and defense division, MS Detection, has installed its EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, and THREATSCAN products in over 24 airports, among other critical locations. These deployments are part of MS Tech's broader effort to enhance security measures while improving operational efficiency and checkpoint throughput. Doron Shalom, CEO of MS Tech, highlighted the reliability and performance of their High-Frequency Quartz Crystal Microbalance (HF-QCM) nanotechnology sensors, which are central to their detection products.</p><p>MS Tech's detection systems, including the EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, LIQUISCAN, MULTISCAN, and THREATSCAN, utilize HF-QCM sensors to identify explosives and narcotics in trace and vapor forms. Notably, the LIQUISCAN is specifically designed to detect liquid explosives. These systems are non-radioactive, offering a safer alternative to traditional detection methods and creating a green working environment for security personnel.</p><p>The advanced features of these systems, such as self-calibrating and self-cleaning capabilities, ensure high sensitivity and operational availability. Their robust design allows them to perform effectively under various environmental conditions, making them suitable for a wide range of applications. From aviation and transportation to military installations and border control, MS Tech's technology is setting new standards in security protocols.</p><p>The widespread adoption of MS Tech's detection systems underscores the growing need for advanced, reliable, and environmentally friendly security solutions. As global security challenges evolve, the company's innovative approach to nanotechnology-based detection is poised to play a pivotal role in shaping the future of security infrastructure worldwide.</p>