+++
title = "Chromatic 3D Materials Secures $6 Million to Expand Additive Manufacturing Capabilities"
date = "2024-09-17T07:05:18Z"
draft = false
summary = "Chromatic 3D Materials' latest $6 million funding round aims to enhance its additive manufacturing technology, promising significant advancements in sustainable and responsive production across various industries."
description = "Chromatic 3D Materials secures $6 million financing for technology advancement, enabling production capabilities and market expansion. The company's success demonstrates continued growth and potential innovation in various industries."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514358/chromatic-3d-materials-raises-6-million-for-third-equity-issuance"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0514358_208529.png"
article_id = 92292
feed_item_id = 6892
url = "/202409/92292-chromatic-3d-materials-secures-6-million-to-expand-additive-manufacturing-capabilities"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/249/17/apexkMyX.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Chromatic 3D Materials, a pioneer in additive manufacturing technology, has successfully closed a $6 million financing round, marking its third equity issuance. This latest financial boost elevates the company's total raised capital to over $15 million, building on previous rounds in 2018 and 2021. The investment is earmarked for scaling production capabilities, streamlining customer approval processes, fostering revenue growth, and refining technology performance through innovative industrial chemistry and additive manufacturing techniques.</p><p>Cora Leibig, CEO and founder of Chromatic, highlighted the strategic importance of this funding, noting its role in broadening the application of Chromatic's technology across diverse markets. The funding round attracted both new and existing investors, including Embedded Ventures, with Jordan Noone, cofounder and general partner, expressing optimism about Chromatic's transformative potential in additive manufacturing, especially within aerospace sectors.</p><p>Since its 2021 funding, Chromatic has launched 12 proprietary material grades, tailored for textile, automotive, and industrial hydraulic uses, and has achieved notable milestones such as supplying components for Daimler Truck buses and ÖBB rail vehicles. The company's growth is further propelled by partnerships aimed at revolutionizing elastomeric fabrication processes, supported by an expanding patent portfolio that includes 10 issued patents and over 25 pending applications worldwide.</p><p>In 2023, Chromatic unveiled its RX-Flow™ 3D printers, enhancing its footprint in consumer, industrial, and aerospace markets across the U.S. and EU. These innovations, alongside Chromatic's proprietary resins and RX-AM™ technology, offer a holistic solution for reactive extrusion additive manufacturing, a niche yet impactful 3D printing method leveraging chemical reactions.</p><p>With a focus on sustainable, cost-effective manufacturing of industrial-strength elastomeric products, Chromatic addresses critical challenges in modern production. Its material range, including printable polyurethanes and durable thermoset elastomers, serves diverse applications from transportation and industrial seals to medical devices and defense. Operating from facilities in the U.S. and Germany, Chromatic collaborates with over 50 global customers and partners, signaling its growing influence in additive manufacturing. This latest funding round underscores Chromatic's commitment to innovation and its potential to redefine manufacturing practices across multiple industries.</p>