+++
title = "Payomatix Expands Globally and Innovates with New Payment Solutions"
date = "2024-09-16T13:10:16Z"
draft = false
summary = "Payomatix's strategic expansion into Canada and Dubai, alongside the launch of Payobill and PayoCardz, underscores its growing influence in the digital payments industry and its commitment to meeting global market demands."
description = "Payomatix, a leading innovator in digital payment solutions, has unveiled its expansion into Canada and Dubai, the launch of two groundbreaking products, and notable industry recognition. This comprehensive announcement marks a pivotal moment for Payomatix as it strengthens its global presence and introduces new technologies designed to enhance the digital payments landscape."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/payomatix-announces-major-global-expansion-and-new-product-launches-amidst-industry-recognition-709610132"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/finance-3.jpg"
article_id = 92301
feed_item_id = 6861
url = "/202409/92301-payomatix-expands-globally-and-innovates-with-new-payment-solutions"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/249/16/icygpqm.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Payomatix, a frontrunner in digital payment solutions, has unveiled strategic initiatives that underscore its rapid growth and increasing influence in the global digital payments sector. The company is broadening its international footprint with new offices in Canada and Dubai, introducing two innovative products, and garnering significant industry accolades. This expansion is a testament to Payomatix's ambition to cater to the burgeoning demand for sophisticated payment solutions in North America and the Middle East, enhancing its service offerings and operational prowess in these regions.</p><p>In tandem with its global outreach, Payomatix is rolling out Payobill and PayoCardz, two groundbreaking products designed to cater to the dynamic needs of the market. Payobill, set for a September 2024 release, is tailored for retailers and distributors, boasting features like integrated bank APIs, specialized dashboards, heightened security measures, automated tax computations, and instant transaction verification. PayoCardz, on the other hand, represents Payomatix's foray into the prepaid card domain, offering an array of options including Gift Cards and General Purpose Reloadable Cards, in collaboration with top Prepaid Payment Instrument holders.</p><p>The company's innovative strides and expansion have earned it prestigious recognitions, such as being named one of India's Top Admired Companies for 2024 by The Economic Times and its founder, Ruchi Rathor, receiving the Award of Excellence at the Afro-Asian Entrepreneurs Conference. These accolades reflect Payomatix's significant contributions to the fintech industry and its leadership in driving forward digital payment solutions.</p><p>Further solidifying its commitment to innovation and security, Payomatix is upgrading its Cashier platform with advanced security features and real-time communication technologies, alongside pursuing additional certifications to meet global regulatory standards. These efforts highlight the company's dedication to providing secure, compliant, and cutting-edge payment solutions.</p><p>Payomatix's latest developments are not just milestones for the company but also pivotal for the digital payments landscape. By introducing advanced technologies and expanding its global presence, Payomatix is playing a crucial role in making financial transactions more efficient, secure, and accessible worldwide. This progress is particularly relevant for businesses seeking innovative payment solutions and for the fintech sector at large, as it continues to evolve and shape the future of global commerce.</p>