+++
title = "Shareholder Perks Significantly Influence Investor Behavior, Survey Reveals"
date = "2024-09-05T07:29:27Z"
draft = false
summary = "A survey by The Harris Poll for TiiCKER shows shareholder perks can attract new investors, encourage long-term holdings, and increase proxy voting participation."
description = "TiiCKER introduces a new platform to offer tailored perks and loyalty programs, revealing the potential of shareholder perks to deepen brand loyalty, encourage long-term investment, and increase proxy voting participation."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/tiicker-whitepaper-findings-shareholder-perks-can-increase-confidence-in-management-promote-longer-term-holding-attract-new-investors-and-offer-many-more-benefits-907132531"
enclosure = "https://public.newsdirect.com/907132531/Hlp9u3lj.png"
article_id = 92402
feed_item_id = 6529
url = "/202409/92402-shareholder-perks-significantly-influence-investor-behavior-survey-reveals"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/249/5/faceragD.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>A recent survey conducted by The Harris Poll on behalf of fintech company TiiCKER has highlighted the significant influence of shareholder perks on investor behavior. With 78% of retail investors more inclined to purchase stock from companies offering such perks, the findings suggest a transformative potential for investor relations strategies. Despite this, only 35% of investors are aware of publicly traded companies that provide these benefits, indicating a substantial awareness gap.</p><p>The survey further reveals that shareholder perks could encourage longer-term investment strategies, with 40% of investors willing to hold shares longer to qualify for perks. Nearly half of the respondents would extend their holding period if perks improved over time, aligning with research suggesting long-term shareholder bases contribute to higher returns on invested capital and greater investment in value-creating activities like R&D.</p><p>Proxy voting participation, a key indicator of investor engagement, could also see a boost from shareholder perks. An overwhelming 76% of investors reported they would be more likely to vote their proxy if they received perks or product discounts. This not only aids companies in gathering investor feedback more efficiently but also empowers investors to have a stronger voice in corporate decisions.</p><p>Moreover, the survey indicates that shareholder perks may enhance investor confidence in company management, with 73% of respondents stating that receiving a perk would increase their trust in the management team. This underscores the potential of perks programs in building stronger investor-company relationships.</p><p>The appeal of shareholder perks extends to non-investors as well, with half of them expressing a likelihood to invest in a beloved brand if it offered such benefits. This opens new avenues for companies to broaden their investor base by leveraging brand loyalty and attractive perks programs.</p><p>TiiCKER's platform offers customized shareholder perks programs for companies across the spectrum, from Fortune 500 to microcap entities like Kolibri Global Energy, Inc (NASDAQ: KGEI), aiming to enhance brand loyalty and shareholder value. As the retail investor segment grows, the insights from this survey underscore the importance of shareholder perks in attracting and retaining investors, boosting engagement, and fostering long-term relationships, marking a potential shift in investor relations strategies.</p>