+++
title = "Woodbridge Pacific Group Unveils The Grove at University Park, Elevating Palm Desert Living"
date = "2024-10-30T07:00:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Grove, a new amenity center by Woodbridge Pacific Group, enhances the Palm Desert lifestyle for University Park residents with leisure facilities and community engagement opportunities."
description = "Woodbridge Pacific Group celebrates the official opening of The Grove, University Park's amenity center, showcasing a range of indoor and outdoor amenities for residents and their guests. The event highlights the vibrant community and the high-quality homes offered by WPG in the desirable Palm Desert locale."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515700/the-grove-celebration-highlights-palm-desert-lifestyle-at-university-park"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0515700_210289.jpg"
article_id = 91938
feed_item_id = 8103
url = "/202410/91938-woodbridge-pacific-group-unveils-the-grove-at-university-park-elevating-palm-desert-living"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2410/30/lambamka.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Woodbridge Pacific Group (WPG) has officially opened The Grove, a comprehensive amenity center at its University Park development in Palm Desert, marking a significant enhancement to the lifestyle offerings for residents. The Grove, which celebrated its grand opening in early fall, is designed to cater to the diverse recreational needs of homeowners and their guests from the Nova, Verve, and Esprit neighborhoods within University Park.</p><p>The amenity center boasts a variety of facilities, including a resort pool, lap pool, kiddie pool, and spa, alongside a shaded playground, pickleball court, and spaces for events and gatherings such as a stage area, lawn spaces, firepit, and BBQ area. These features are complemented by nearby parks with dog-friendly areas, further enriching the community's recreational options. Rose Arguin, a Nova homeowner, praised the grand opening event for its community spirit and the new amenities, particularly noting the extended hours of the fitness center to accommodate early risers.</p><p>University Park's strategic location offers residents easy access to Palm Desert's arts, culture, dining, and lifestyle amenities, enhancing the appeal of The Grove and the surrounding community. WPG President Todd Cunningham highlighted the current favorable conditions for buyers, including incentives and interest rate buy-downs, making it an opportune time to invest in the area. The development features homes in Modern Spanish, Boutique, and Contemporary styles, with prices starting from the $700,000s, catering to a range of preferences and needs.</p><p>With its proximity to major employers, quality schools, and attractions like the El Paseo Shopping District and Acrisure Arena, University Park is positioned as a desirable destination for those seeking a blend of desert living and modern conveniences. WPG's partnership with US Bank provides potential buyers with financing options, including rate lock-downs and special incentives, further facilitating the homebuying process. The opening of The Grove underscores WPG's commitment to creating lifestyle-oriented communities, offering current and future residents a unique blend of amenities and desert living.</p>