+++
title = "Data Vault Holdings and HYPERVSN Launch DVHolo, Revolutionizing Holographic Advertising and Live Events"
date = "2024-10-29T12:45:11Z"
draft = false
summary = "The collaboration introduces DVHolo, a holographic product suite that enhances audience engagement and offers significant advantages over traditional advertising methods, signaling a shift in the holographic display market."
description = "Data Vault Holdings partners with WiSA Technologies to launch DVHolo, a next-generation hologram product, signaling significant advancement in holographic technology and potential impacts on advertising, live events, and immersive digital experiences across industries."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/data-vault-hypervsn-team-up-to-take-on-multi-billion-dollar-holographic-market-backed-by-mark-cuban-and-sir-richard-branson-with-new-next-gen-solution-433394083"
enclosure = "https://public.newsdirect.com/433394083/flheOuGd.png"
article_id = 91952
feed_item_id = 8067
url = "/202410/91952-data-vault-holdings-and-hypervsn-launch-dvholo-revolutionizing-holographic-advertising-and-live-events"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2410/29/mailIcEB.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Data Vault Holdings and HYPERVSN have introduced DVHolo, a pioneering holographic product suite designed to redefine advertising, signage, and live events. This innovation merges Data Vault's ADIO technology with HYPERVSN's 3D holographic visuals, offering an immersive experience that could alter business-audience interactions. The timing of DVHolo's launch aligns with the holographic industry's rapid expansion, projected by Global Market Insights to hit a $23 billion valuation by 2032, growing at a 20% CAGR from 2024 to 2032.</p><p>DVHolo stands out by providing 40% longer viewer engagement and doubling the visibility of holographic images compared to 2D digital signage, according to Data Vault. HYPERVSN, with backing from notable investors like Sir Richard Branson and Mark Cuban, suggests holographic signage could boost product sales by up to 40%. A standout feature of DVHolo is its integration with ADIO's analytics, enabling businesses to harness consumer behavior insights for data-driven marketing strategies.</p><p>Nathaniel Bradley, CEO of Data Vault Holdings, highlighted DVHolo's unique appeal, noting its ability to captivate and retain audience attention more effectively than traditional advertising. This launch coincides with Data Vault Holdings' significant corporate move—a $210 million asset purchase agreement with WiSA Technologies Inc., set to close in the first quarter, leading to the creation of Datavault Inc. with Bradley as CEO.</p><p>The collaboration between Data Vault Holdings and HYPERVSN taps into the surging demand for immersive digital experiences. Kiryl Chykeyuk, HYPERVSN's CEO, emphasized DVHolo's potential to broaden organizational reach and audience engagement affordably. As digital spaces become increasingly saturated, DVHolo's real-time, three-dimensional immersive experiences offer brands novel ways to connect with audiences.</p><p>The holographic market's anticipated growth indicates technologies like DVHolo could soon dominate sectors such as retail, entertainment, and education, transforming public information presentation and consumption. The partnership and upcoming acquisition underscore holographic technology's rising significance as a communication and engagement tool in the digital era.</p>