+++
title = "Hydromer, Inc. Restructures R&D Division with World-Class Science Team to Drive Innovation in Coating Technologies"
date = "2024-10-21T13:15:10Z"
draft = false
summary = "Hydromer, Inc. announces a strategic restructuring of its R&D division, introducing a team of highly credentialed chemists to lead innovation in hydrophilic coating technologies, aiming to meet evolving market demands and regulatory standards."
description = "Hydromer, Inc. has introduced a top-tier team of chemists to lead innovation in hydrophilic coatings, aiming to develop environmentally friendly solutions and drive future growth. The company's enhanced focus on innovation and efficiency is expected to drive the creation of cutting-edge coating systems designed to improve lubricity and durability across medical and industrial applications."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/hydromer-inc-announces-the-restructuring-and-formation-of-world-class-research-and-development-division-to-drive-innovation-and-new-product-development-7076273"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 92022
feed_item_id = 7820
url = "/202410/92022-hydromer-inc-restructures-rd-division-with-world-class-science-team-to-drive-innovation-in-coating-technologies"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/2410/21/harp69Td.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Hydromer, Inc. (OTC: HYDI), a leader in hydrophilic coating technologies, has restructured its Research and Development (R&D) division, assembling a world-class science team to enhance innovation and performance. This strategic move introduces Dr. Yonghua Zhou, a Ph.D. in Polymer Science, alongside Mr. Ashutosh Upadhyay and Ms. Mengxue Zhang, both bringing extensive expertise in polymer science and chemistry, to spearhead the company's R&D efforts.</p><p>The newly formed team is tasked with revitalizing legacy products and developing advanced coatings that are more durable and environmentally friendly. This initiative responds to increasing regulatory restrictions on harmful solvents and the demand for sustainable solutions. CEO Mike Torti highlighted the team's role in repositioning Hydromer as a leader in product development and innovation, aiming to meet current industry demands and expand into new markets.</p><p>Hydromer's commitment to innovation is supported by its compliance with FDA, GMP, ISO 13485, and ISO 9001 standards, ensuring high-quality and regulatory-compliant research and development. The company's focus on environmentally friendly solutions aligns with global sustainability trends, potentially setting new industry standards.</p><p>The restructuring of Hydromer's R&D division signifies a pivotal step towards addressing complex challenges in surface modification and coating solutions. With enhanced R&D capabilities, Hydromer is poised to influence the future of hydrophilic coatings in medical, industrial, and consumer applications, marking a significant advancement in coating technology innovation.</p>