+++
title = "Curbio and KW Offerings Partner to Revolutionize Pre-Listing Home Improvements"
date = "2024-10-15T15:05:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "The partnership between Curbio and KW Offerings introduces a streamlined, technology-driven approach to pre-listing home improvements, aiming to empower Keller Williams agents and enhance the real estate market."
description = "Curbio partners with KW Offerings to power ‘Upgrade & Sell’ pre-listing concierge program, offering a simplified pre-listing renovation solution to Keller Williams agents and their clients, saving agents time and effort, and transforming the real estate industry."
source_link = "https://newsworthy.ai/news/202410151316/kw-offerings-selects-curbio-as-its-exclusive-home-improvement-partner-for-keller-williams-agents"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/technology-3.jpg"
article_id = 92058
feed_item_id = 7689
url = "/202410/92058-curbio-and-kw-offerings-partner-to-revolutionize-pre-listing-home-improvements"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newsworthy/qrcode/2410/15/maskhnmA.webp"
source = "Newsworthy.ai"
+++

<p>The real estate industry is witnessing a transformative partnership as Curbio becomes the exclusive partner for KW Offerings' 'Upgrade & Sell' pre-listing concierge program. This collaboration merges Curbio's national general contracting expertise with KW Offerings' platform, offering Keller Williams agents a competitive edge in the market by simplifying the pre-listing home improvement process.</p><p>Curbio's innovative fix first, pay-at-close model and turnkey solution relieve agents of project management duties, allowing them to concentrate on securing listings and expanding their businesses. Rick Rudman, CEO of Curbio, highlights the partnership's significance, noting it underscores the necessity for agents to offer simplified renovation solutions to compete effectively in today's market.</p><p>With a technology-driven approach, Curbio ensures consistency in pricing, process, and service across all projects. Their system streamlines estimate and proposal generation, saving agents valuable time, while also managing licensing, insurance, and permit compliance. The company's nationwide network of contractors and a dedicated app for project updates promise a seamless experience for agents and sellers alike.</p><p>Jason Wells and Tim Evans, co-founders of KW Offerings, commend Curbio for leveraging technology and expertise to handle the complexities of pre-listing improvements, a task traditionally shouldered by agents. This partnership aligns with KW Offerings' mission to provide members with top-tier tools, facilitating successful home sales through efficient pre-listing upgrades.</p><p>This alliance marks a pivotal shift in pre-listing home improvement strategies, offering a trusted, nationwide solution that enables Keller Williams agents to stand out in their markets. As the real estate landscape evolves, such collaborations are poised to redefine industry standards, benefiting agents, sellers, and buyers by fostering a more efficient and effective market.</p>