+++
title = "Novidea and Pathpoint to Showcase E&S Insurance Growth Strategies at ITC Vegas"
date = "2024-10-14T15:05:13Z"
draft = false
summary = "Novidea and Pathpoint will discuss how strategic tech investments have propelled growth in the Excess & Surplus insurance market at ITC Vegas, highlighting the sector's potential and the critical role of technology."
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/insurance-1.jpg"
article_id = 92075
feed_item_id = 7624
url = "/202410/92075-novidea-and-pathpoint-to-showcase-es-insurance-growth-strategies-at-itc-vegas"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2410/14/veilEL0W.webp"
source = "None"
+++

<p>The insurance industry is witnessing a transformative era, especially in the Excess & Surplus (E&S) market, as Novidea and Pathpoint prepare to share their success story at ITC Vegas. Their session, 'ITC Brokers: Powering E&S Growth through Strategic Tech Investments,' is set to illuminate how technology investments have been pivotal in Pathpoint's growth, showcasing a 20 percent policy submission growth rate and a doubling of sales and underwriting operations.</p><p>Jeff Heine of Novidea and Alexander Bargmann of Pathpoint will lead the discussion, emphasizing the role of Novidea's cloud-based platform in integrating data across departments and eliminating silos. This technological synergy has not only streamlined operations but also opened new avenues for product launches in strategic locations, marking a significant leap in operational efficiency and market expansion.</p><p>The E&S market's rapid growth, outpacing the broader commercial lines sector, underscores the urgency for brokers and agents to adopt scalable, modern technologies. With the E&S segment experiencing double-digit growth for four consecutive years, the need for agile, cloud-native solutions has never been more critical. Heine points out that nearly half of insurance business decision-makers prioritize growth potential when selecting technology, a testament to the sector's evolving demands.</p><p>Pathpoint's journey, from leveraging strategic tech investments to building a robust ecosystem, serves as a blueprint for success in the E&S market. Bargmann's insights at ITC Vegas aim to inspire industry leaders to embrace innovation, highlighting how speed, accuracy, and scalability are indispensable in today's competitive landscape.</p><p>This collaboration and the upcoming presentation at ITC Vegas spotlight the indispensable role of technology in harnessing the E&S market's growth potential. As the industry continues to evolve, the adoption of innovative solutions will be key to capitalizing on the burgeoning opportunities within the E&S sector.</p>