+++
title = "Rogue Space Systems Joins USSF's R2C2 Program to Revolutionize Satellite Operations"
date = "2024-10-04T07:00:14Z"
draft = false
summary = "Rogue Space Systems' inclusion in the U.S. Space Force's R2C2 program highlights the pivotal role of small businesses in advancing space operations through innovative, cloud-based solutions."
description = "Rogue Space Systems supports US Space Force's R2C2 program, highlighting collaboration between small businesses and the government to modernize satellite operations. The R2C2 program's goal of developing a cloud-based satellite operations infrastructure impacts the future of space technology."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514940/rogue-space-systems-begins-work-under-first-delivery-orders-of-r2c2"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/government-politics-2.jpg"
article_id = 92152
feed_item_id = 7369
url = "/202410/92152-rogue-space-systems-joins-ussfs-r2c2-program-to-revolutionize-satellite-operations"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2410/4/roamBH1c.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Rogue Space Systems has been selected to participate in the United States Space Force's (USSF) Rapid Resilient Command and Control (R2C2) program, a move that underscores the company's role in enhancing space operations and logistics. The program, which has allocated its first $12 million in delivery orders to 20 small businesses including Rogue Space Systems, aims to develop a cloud-based infrastructure for satellite operations, offering military operators unprecedented flexibility in managing satellites.</p><p>The R2C2 initiative, a collaboration between the Space Rapid Capabilities Office (Space RCO) and Space Systems Command, seeks to modernize USSF satellite operations by supporting critical ground segment software. This includes enabling functions such as Rendezvous and Proximity Operations (RPO) planning, antenna brokering, and telemetry, tracking, and command. Jon Beam, CEO of Rogue Space Systems, highlighted the company's enthusiasm for contributing to the program, emphasizing the opportunity to showcase innovative solutions and collaborate with industry leaders.</p><p>This initial phase of the program is designed to familiarize participants with the R2C2 architecture and prepare them for future contracts under the program's Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract vehicle, which could total up to $1 billion over five to seven years. Rogue Space Systems' selection builds on its previous engagements with the U.S. Space Force, including multiple Phase II contracts through the AFWERX Small Business Innovation and Research (SBIR) program.</p><p>The collective effort of the 20 small businesses in the R2C2 program is expected to spur innovation in satellite logistical operations, leveraging each participant's strengths to meet the dynamic needs of the U.S. Space Force. The program represents a significant step toward enhancing the resilience and adaptability of U.S. space operations, with potential implications for national security and the commercial satellite industry.</p><p>Rogue Space Systems' involvement in the R2C2 program reflects the increasing importance of small businesses in the aerospace and defense sectors, particularly in developing technologies that promise to make space operations more sustainable and adaptable. As the program advances, it could lead to a more responsive satellite command and control infrastructure, improving the United States' ability to address space-based challenges and influencing global space traffic management practices.</p>