+++
title = "MBRF and UNDP Launch Future Skills Academy to Empower Arab Workforce"
date = "2024-10-01T07:00:15Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Future Skills Academy, a collaboration between the MBRF and UNDP, aims to equip the Arab world's workforce with essential skills for the future, addressing high youth unemployment and the digital divide."
description = "The Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Knowledge Foundation (MBRF) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) have launched the 'Future Skills Academy' to support the empowerment of people across the Arab world. The academy aims to offer a diverse range of certified and specialised programmes to equip individuals with essential future skills, bridge the digital divide, and enhance digital capabilities."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514804/mohammed-bin-rashid-al-maktoum-knowledge-foundation-launches-future-skills-academy-as-part-of-the-knowledge-project"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0514804_209090.jpeg"
article_id = 92178
feed_item_id = 7285
url = "/202410/92178-mbrf-and-undp-launch-future-skills-academy-to-empower-arab-workforce"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2410/1/deepSY8d.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Knowledge Foundation (MBRF) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) have launched the 'Future Skills Academy' to empower the Arab world's workforce with essential skills for professional development and future employment opportunities. Announced during the 'Digitalization for Sustainable Development' event at the 79th session of the UN General Assembly in New York, this initiative is a significant step towards building a knowledge-based economy in the region.</p><p>The academy, part of the broader 'Knowledge Project', seeks to address the region's high youth unemployment rates and the growing gap between individual skills and labor market demands. With the aim of reaching over a million people across Arab countries, it offers specialized training programs designed to bridge educational gaps and tackle unemployment challenges. His Excellency Jamal bin Huwaireb, CEO of the MBRF, highlighted the academy's role in empowering future generations to develop sustainable solutions, aligning with MBRF's commitment to spreading knowledge globally.</p><p>Recent statistics reveal a stark digital divide in the Arab region, with only 1.7% of the population recognized as 'digital talents' despite 70% having internet access. HE Abdallah Al Dardari of the UNDP emphasized the academy's potential to bridge this divide and enhance digital capabilities, providing essential resources for leveraging opportunities in the global digital economy.</p><p>The Future Skills Academy will offer certified and specialized programs, both online and in-person, targeting a wide range of participants including students, professionals, and government officials. These programs are designed to equip individuals with crucial future skills, supporting global digitalization and transformation initiatives. Beyond education, the academy aims to promote social innovation, address labor market inequalities, and support underrepresented groups through partnerships with universities and the private sector.</p><p>The launch coincides with the formation of a global coalition for skills development, with stakeholders invited to participate in its inaugural meeting at the 'Knowledge Summit' in Dubai in November 2024. This initiative underscores the MBRF's commitment to fostering innovation and advancing the Sustainable Development Goals, offering hope for a more resilient, inclusive, and economically vibrant Arab world.</p>