+++
title = "Bruce A. Watterson Joins Peapack Private Bank & Trust as Senior Managing Director"
date = "2025-06-03T15:25:14Z"
draft = false
summary = "Bruce A. Watterson's appointment as Senior Managing Director at Peapack Private Bank & Trust signifies a strategic enhancement to the bank's commercial banking division, promising enriched financial solutions for middle market businesses and high net worth individuals."
description = "Bruce A. Watterson joins Peapack Private Bank & Trust as Senior Managing Director, bringing over 40 years of banking expertise to enhance commercial banking services."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/bruce-a-watterson-joins-peapack-private-bank-trust-7080831"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/finance-2.jpg"
article_id = 85148
feed_item_id = 15009
url = "/news/202506/85148-bruce-a-watterson-joins-peapack-private-bank-trust-as-senior-managing-director"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/256/3/kiwiwNtO.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Bruce A. Watterson has recently taken on the role of Senior Managing Director and Managing Group Director at Peapack Private Bank & Trust, a move that underscores the bank's commitment to bolstering its commercial banking division with top-tier talent. Based in Garden City, New York, Watterson's extensive background in corporate, private, and middle market banking is expected to significantly contribute to the bank's expansion in the NY Metro area.</p><p>With over forty years of experience in the financial sector, Watterson's career includes key positions at Flagstar Bank, CitiGroup Private Bank, and others, where he honed his expertise in delivering tailored financial solutions. His academic credentials from Pace University’s Lubin School of Business, along with his professional certifications, further validate his capability to drive Peapack Private's client-focused banking initiatives forward.</p><p>Beyond his professional achievements, Watterson's active engagement in the Long Island community through various committees and boards reflects his holistic approach to banking—one that values community development as much as financial success. His involvement with organizations like The Energeia Partnership and The Education and Assistance Corp (EAC) demonstrates his commitment to making a positive societal impact.</p><p>Peapack Private Bank & Trust, under the umbrella of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, is poised to leverage Watterson's deep industry knowledge and dedication to client service excellence. This strategic hire not only enhances the bank's ability to offer customized and innovative financial solutions but also strengthens its reputation as a leading provider of wealth management, investment banking, and commercial and personal banking services.</p><p>The implications of Watterson's appointment are far-reaching, offering potential benefits not just for Peapack Private's clientele but also for the broader financial services industry. His leadership is expected to foster growth, innovation, and a heightened focus on client satisfaction, setting a new benchmark for banking excellence in the NY Metro area and beyond.</p>