+++
title = "PRO Awards 2025 Celebrates Remodeling Excellence and Future Talent in New England"
date = "2025-06-09T14:10:47Z"
draft = false
summary = "The 2025 PRO Awards highlighted outstanding achievements in the remodeling industry, recognizing top projects and individuals while emphasizing the importance of future talent development."
description = "2025 PRO Awards honor top remodeling professionals and support future tradespeople with scholarships, showcasing innovation and excellence in the industry."
source_link = "https://pro-new-england.reportablenews.com/pr/pro-new-england-celebrates-excellence-in-remodeling-at-the-2025-pro-awards"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/reportable/newsimage/47e9fa4f1accec7b77ef896519f3ae38.png"
article_id = 87681
feed_item_id = 15353
url = "/news/202506/87681-pro-awards-2025-celebrates-remodeling-excellence-and-future-talent-in-new-england"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/reportable/qrcode/256/9/lamb0tbF.webp"
source = "Reportable"
+++

<p>The 2025 PRO Awards, hosted by PRO New England, showcased the best in residential and commercial remodeling, with over 300 members and guests gathering at the Clark Showroom in Milford, Massachusetts. The event not only celebrated the pinnacle of remodeling excellence but also introduced new traditions and honored individuals for their significant contributions to the industry.</p><p>Michelle Glassburn, President of Lavallee Systems, was awarded the Member of the Year for her dedicated support and participation in PRO New England. The inaugural Impact Award was presented to Sterling Bump of Custom Contracting, recognizing his notable contributions to the organization. Highline Construction and GMT Home Designs stood out as the most awarded members, with Highline securing four Gold and two Silver PRO Awards, and GMT Home Designs earning two Gold and two Silver PRO Awards across various categories.</p><p>The awards categories, including Entire House, Residential Kitchen, Residential Bath, and Commercial Project, reflected the diverse talents within the remodeling industry. A rigorous judging process, involving industry peers from across New England, ensured a fair and thorough selection, highlighting the prestige of the PRO Awards.</p><p>Sponsors such as Lavallee Systems and Oasis Shower Doors played a pivotal role in the event's success, with additional support from companies like Splash, Von Salmi & Associates, and Highline Construction enhancing the celebratory atmosphere. The event also spotlighted the TradesUp Inc. Kickstarter Award, recognizing future talent like Kyle Miller and Kaylee Bacon, supported by donations from JB Sash & Door and Payne | Bouchier Fine Builders.</p><p>The 2025 PRO Awards underscored the remodeling industry's commitment to excellence, innovation, and the nurturing of future professionals. With categories adapted to reflect current trends and specialties, the awards continue to set the benchmark for excellence in the New England remodeling industry, promising a bright future for the trade.</p>