+++
title = "IotaComm Relocates Headquarters to Chapel Hill, Bolstering IoT Innovation in Research Triangle"
date = "2025-06-24T16:00:28Z"
draft = false
summary = "IotaComm's move to Chapel Hill underscores its commitment to advancing IoT technologies and leveraging the Research Triangle's rich ecosystem for talent and innovation."
description = "IotaComm moves HQ to Chapel Hill, NC, to drive IoT innovation and smart infrastructure solutions, enhancing connectivity and sustainability."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/iotacomm-r-announces-new-corporate-headquarters-in-research-triangle-region-expanding-footprint-in-chapel-hills-innovation-hub-403626271"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/technology-3.jpg"
article_id = 90692
feed_item_id = 16077
url = "/202506/90692-iotacomm-relocates-headquarters-to-chapel-hill-bolstering-iot-innovation-in-research-triangle"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/256/24/notem6B7.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>IotaComm, Inc., a pioneer in next-generation wireless communications and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions, has announced the relocation of its corporate headquarters to Chapel Hill, North Carolina. This strategic relocation positions the company at 200 West Franklin Street, within the heart of the Research Triangle region, a renowned area for its dynamic innovation ecosystem and proximity to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's top-tier talent.</p><p>Terrence DeFranco, Chairman and CEO of IotaComm, highlighted the move as a critical milestone in the company's journey to establish a nationwide wireless carrier specifically designed for IoT applications. The new headquarters, located in a Class A creative office space, is crafted to enhance collaboration and innovation, facilitating the expansion of IotaComm's LoRaWAN® network and Delphi360™ platform. These technologies play a pivotal role in digitizing building systems, offering real-time insights into air quality, energy consumption, and asset performance.</p><p>Chapel Hill's selection as the new home for IotaComm's headquarters reflects the company's dedication to sustainability, technology, and education, mirroring the community's core values and its collaboration with key partners such as the Ackerman Center for Excellence in Sustainability. While embracing this new chapter, IotaComm continues to uphold its operations and investments in Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania, focusing on smart manufacturing and community-driven initiatives.</p><p>Hastings Jones from CBRE remarked on the strategic importance of IotaComm's relocation to Chapel Hill, emphasizing the company's opportunity to tap into the region's wealth of talent and intellectual capital to accelerate its national growth. This move not only signifies a significant evolution for IotaComm but also reinforces the Research Triangle's status as a premier destination for technology and innovation, promising to shape the future of IoT and wireless communications.</p>