+++
title = "Kiolbassa Smoked Meats Announces Strategic Leadership Transition to Foster Growth"
date = "2025-06-03T08:30:04Z"
draft = false
summary = "Kiolbassa Smoked Meats is transitioning its leadership with Michael Johnson becoming President and Bill Wagner moving to Executive Vice-Chairman, signaling a strong commitment to leadership development and long-term growth."
description = "Kiolbassa Smoked Meats announces a leadership transition with Michael Johnson as President, ensuring continued growth and commitment to quality and values."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/701408/kiolbassa-smoked-meats-announces-executive-leadership-transitions/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 90717
feed_item_id = 14944
url = "/202506/90717-kiolbassa-smoked-meats-announces-strategic-leadership-transition-to-foster-growth"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/256/3/moss_w0g.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>Kiolbassa Smoked Meats, a leader in premium smoked sausages known for its purpose-driven culture, is preparing for a significant leadership transition aimed at sustaining its growth and values. Starting July 1, 2025, Michael Johnson will take over as President, with current President Bill Wagner transitioning to the newly established role of Executive Vice-Chairman. This strategic move, endorsed by the company's Board of Directors and Advisory Board, highlights Kiolbassa's focus on nurturing leadership and ensuring long-term success.</p><p>Michael Johnson's journey with Kiolbassa Smoked Meats spans 18 years, during which he has played a pivotal role in shaping the company's culture and strategic direction. His efforts in integrating Values-Based Leadership and the Great Game of Business into the company's ethos, along with co-developing key business strategies, have been instrumental in its growth since 2022. Johnson's elevation to President is a testament to the trust placed in his leadership qualities and his commitment to the company's core values of integrity, quality, and employee welfare.</p><p>Bill Wagner, who made history as the first non-family president of Kiolbassa in July 2022, will now dedicate his expertise to mentoring the Finance department and contributing to long-term strategic planning as Executive Vice-Chairman. Wagner's leadership has been crucial in cementing the family business's legacy, and his ongoing involvement is expected to play a vital role in the company's future achievements.</p><p>Further emphasizing Kiolbassa's investment in leadership development, Jerry Carnes, Vice President of Sales, will assume broader management responsibilities and join the Senior Team. This adjustment underscores the importance of a unified sales strategy in the company's expansion efforts. These leadership transitions reflect Kiolbassa Smoked Meats' unwavering dedication to enriching lives through honest food, meaningful service, and leadership driven by purpose, as it continues to expand its footprint from San Antonio to a national level.</p>