+++
title = "Geopulse Exploration Expands Its Footprint in the Energy Sector with ATC Services Acquisition"
date = "2025-05-01T12:15:21Z"
draft = false
summary = "Geopulse Exploration, Inc. strengthens its position in the energy sector by fully acquiring ATC Services, a move that promises to enhance its service portfolio and revenue streams in the competitive Permian Basin."
description = "Geopulse Exploration, Inc. solidifies its position in the oil and gas sector with the acquisition of ATC Services, a move that is set to increase annual revenue by $12 million. The strategic decision opens up avenues for further growth and market expansion in the Permian Basin, establishing a strong foothold in the industry."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/geopulse-exploration-inc-completes-acquisition-of-atc-services-7080577"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/environment-energy-2.jpg"
article_id = 85394
feed_item_id = 13683
url = "/news/202505/85394-geopulse-exploration-expands-its-footprint-in-the-energy-sector-with-atc-services-acquisition"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/255/1/eachlLwA.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Geopulse Exploration, Inc. has taken a significant step forward in consolidating its presence in the energy sector with the complete acquisition of ATC Services, a specialized oil and gas construction firm based in the Permian Basin of Texas. This strategic move, finalized on April 28, 2025, sees Geopulse purchasing the remaining 50% of ATC's membership units, thereby making ATC Services a wholly-owned subsidiary. This acquisition is not just a testament to Geopulse's growth ambitions but also highlights the increasing consolidation within the energy services sector.</p><p>ATC Services brings to the table a robust portfolio of services that cater to the needs of major energy sector players. These services include drilling and facility pad construction, road maintenance, frac pit construction, environmental remediation, and specialized equipment services. The acquisition is projected to add approximately $12 million in annual run-rate revenue to Geopulse's financials, underscoring the financial viability and strategic fit of ATC Services within Geopulse's broader business model.</p><p>The integration of ATC Services into Geopulse's operations is further strengthened by the addition of ATC's CEO Chris Bishop and Director Shawn Rye to Geopulse's Board of Directors. This move is expected to foster seamless collaboration between the two entities and leverage the combined expertise for organic growth and potential strategic acquisitions in the Texas market. Marcus Laun of Geopulse highlighted the acquisition's alignment with the growing demand for energy services and the potential for industrial re-shoring efforts, positioning the company to capitalize on emerging opportunities in the sector.</p><p>Looking ahead, Geopulse is set to mark another milestone in its expansion strategy with the opening of its new headquarters in Big Spring, Texas, in June 2025. This development not only signifies Geopulse's commitment to its regional expansion but also its ambition to be at the forefront of the energy services industry. The acquisition of ATC Services and the establishment of a new headquarters are clear indicators of Geopulse's strategic direction and its readiness to meet the evolving demands of the energy sector.</p>