+++
title = "Linqto Democratizes Access to Private Market Investments, Offering New Opportunities for Individual Investors"
date = "2024-08-29T14:12:47Z"
draft = false
summary = "Linqto's innovative platform is breaking down barriers to private market investments, enabling individual investors to access pre-IPO opportunities previously reserved for institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals."
description = "Linqto is revolutionizing private equity investing, making it accessible and affordable for individual investors. With a minimum order of $2500, the platform offers an inclusive, secure, and fast digital experience, providing liquidity for shares of companies at a negotiated price."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/why-you-may-want-to-consider-linqto-as-your-go-to-pre-ipo-investing-platform-883258227"
enclosure = "https://public.newsdirect.com/883258227/Na2Ki8D4.png"
article_id = 92448
feed_item_id = 6373
url = "/202408/92448-linqto-democratizes-access-to-private-market-investments-offering-new-opportunities-for-individual-investors"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/248/29/corngl_6.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>The investment landscape is witnessing a significant shift as private companies increasingly outperform their public counterparts, with recent studies indicating that private companies are 50% more profitable. This trend has ignited interest among individual investors eager to tap into the potential of private market investments. Linqto, a San Jose-based firm, is at the forefront of this movement, offering a platform that democratizes access to these lucrative opportunities.</p><p>Linqto distinguishes itself with a minimum investment requirement of just $2,500, a stark contrast to the traditional private equity investments that often demand $100,000 or more. This approach not only makes private investing more accessible but also more affordable for a broader audience. Furthermore, Linqto's favorable fee structure and focus on liquidity, through significant holdings of shares in platform companies, provide retail investors with advantages rarely seen in the private equity space.</p><p>The platform's investment selection is meticulous, targeting mid to late-stage technology companies. Linqto conducts thorough due diligence and invests alongside its users, ensuring alignment of interests and simplifying the investment process. Investors purchasing shares through Linqto receive equivalent shares in a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), offering protection against creditors and facilitating immediate sales without the common hurdle of company refusal rights.</p><p>Operating as a registered broker/dealer with the SEC and holding Alternative Trading System licenses, Linqto ensures a compliant and regulated environment for investors. This regulatory framework, combined with the platform's innovative features, positions Linqto as a pivotal player in the democratization of private equity investing.</p><p>The implications of Linqto's platform extend beyond individual investors. By lowering barriers to entry, Linqto is opening up a new asset class to a wider audience, potentially diversifying funding sources for private companies and altering the dynamics of the private equity market. As companies choose to remain private longer, Linqto's platform offers a unique opportunity for investors to engage with potential industry leaders before they go public, marking a significant development in the evolution of investment strategies and portfolio diversification.</p>