+++
title = "Exit Factor Expands Nationwide, Enhancing Business Value and Exit Planning Services"
date = "2024-08-27T07:00:14Z"
draft = false
summary = "Exit Factor's strategic expansion into new U.S. markets underscores the growing demand for specialized services aimed at maximizing business value and facilitating successful exits."
description = "Exit Factor, a leading franchise in business value enhancement and exit planning, has announced the signing of new franchise agreements and an expansion of its corporate team, demonstrating the growing demand for its specialized services and the attractiveness of its business model."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513787/exit-factor-fuels-national-development-with-five-new-franchise-agreements"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0513787_207841.jpg"
article_id = 92492
feed_item_id = 5975
url = "/202408/92492-exit-factor-expands-nationwide-enhancing-business-value-and-exit-planning-services"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/248/27/goldAxhW.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Exit Factor, a leader in business value enhancement and exit planning, has announced a significant expansion across the United States, signing five new franchise agreements. This move introduces the company to the Dallas market, strengthens its Texas presence, and marks its debut in the Northeast and Midwest with new locations in New York, New Jersey, and Minnesota, alongside an expansion into Florida.</p><p>The expansion responds to the rising demand for Exit Factor's services, which assist business owners in maximizing their company's value and planning for successful exits. Since launching its franchise program last year, Exit Factor has signed 15 franchise agreements in 2024 alone, demonstrating strong market demand. Jessica Fialkovich, founder and President of Exit Factor, shared her excitement about the growth, emphasizing the company's mission to empower business owners with the necessary strategies for building exit-ready companies.</p><p>To support its rapid growth, Exit Factor has enhanced its corporate team with key hires and promotions, including Chloe Martin as Communications Manager, Melissa Nunez as Director of Operations, and Thomas McKeen as Development Director. These appointments aim to uphold the high service standards clients expect during the company's expansion.</p><p>Diane Warsoff, owner of Exit Factor of SLC & Utah County and the company's first franchisee, exemplifies the franchise model's success. Recognized with the Pioneer Award at United Franchise Group's World Expo, Warsoff has established Exit Factor as a leading resource in Salt Lake City's business community.</p><p>Exit Factor offers a comprehensive range of services, including business valuation, value enhancement strategies, exit planning, and succession planning. Its affiliation with the United Franchise Group provides access to a global network's resources and expertise, further benefiting clients and franchisees.</p><p>Looking forward, Exit Factor anticipates signing 10 additional franchise agreements by the end of 2024, continuing its expansion and impact across the U.S. This growth reflects the increasing significance of strategic exit planning and value enhancement in today's business landscape, offering entrepreneurs nationwide access to expert guidance on preparing their companies for future transitions.</p>