+++
title = "IFPG Named Finalist for 2024 Franchising at Work Awards, Highlighting Employee Satisfaction in Franchise Sector"
date = "2024-08-15T07:05:11Z"
draft = false
summary = "The International Franchise Professionals Group (IFPG) has been recognized as a finalist for the 2024 Franchising at Work Awards, underscoring its commitment to employee satisfaction and setting a benchmark for the franchise industry."
description = "IFPG named finalist for 2024 Franchising at Work Awards, recognizing highest employee satisfaction. IFPG also honored on Entrepreneur magazine's Top Franchise Suppliers list."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513256/ifpg-named-a-2024-franchising-at-work-award-finalist-by-franchise-business-review"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0513256_207199.png"
article_id = 92574
feed_item_id = 5744
url = "/202408/92574-ifpg-named-finalist-for-2024-franchising-at-work-awards-highlighting-employee-satisfaction-in-franchise-sector"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/248/15/warpLggn.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The International Franchise Professionals Group (IFPG) has achieved a significant milestone by being named a finalist for the 2024 Franchising at Work Awards by Franchise Business Review. This accolade, based on an independent survey, underscores IFPG's exceptional employee satisfaction levels within the franchise sector. As the leading franchise broker organization, IFPG's recognition for the fourth consecutive year reinforces its reputation as a top employer in the industry.</p><p>Don Daszkowski, CEO and founder of IFPG, shared his pride in the recognition, emphasizing the company's view of its team as family and a cornerstone of its success. The loyalty of IFPG's employees, many of whom have been with the company since its inception, is noted as a rare achievement in the franchising world. IFPG's excellence is further highlighted by its five consecutive years as the top franchise broker organization on Entrepreneur magazine's Top Franchise Suppliers list.</p><p>The Franchising at Work Awards, conducted by Franchise Business Review, involve a detailed survey of franchise employees across North America, offering insights into employee engagement and helping companies improve their practices. Michelle Rowan, president & COO of Franchise Business Review, pointed out the awards' focus on companies that prioritize employee well-being and culture, which are crucial for business success.</p><p>The selection process for the awards analyzed data from over 11,000 franchise employees, evaluating job satisfaction, engagement, and culture among other factors. IFPG President Red Boswell expressed his pride in working for a company that values its employees, viewing the recognition as a tremendous honor.</p><p>This recognition of IFPG as a finalist for the 2024 Franchising at Work Awards highlights the critical role of employee satisfaction in the franchise industry. It serves as a model for other companies, demonstrating how prioritizing employee well-being can lead to greater productivity, loyalty, and success for franchisees and customers alike.</p>