+++
title = "Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes Strengthens Personal Injury Practice with New Partner Amy Johnsgard"
date = "2024-08-14T07:00:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "The addition of Amy Johnsgard as a partner at Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes LLP enhances the firm's personal injury practice and underscores its commitment to justice and client-focused legal services."
description = "Amy Johnsgard, a skilled litigator, joins Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP as a partner, expanding the firm's personal injury practice and commitment to achieving justice for clients."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513357/schonbrun-seplow-harris-hoffman-zeldes-llp-welcomes-amy-johnsgard-as-new-partner-spearheading-personal-injury-practice"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0513357_207338.png"
article_id = 92580
feed_item_id = 5723
url = "/202408/92580-schonbrun-seplow-harris-hoffman-zeldes-strengthens-personal-injury-practice-with-new-partner-amy-johnsgard"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/248/14/knob96gC.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP has announced the addition of Amy Johnsgard as their newest partner, a move that significantly strengthens the firm's personal injury practice. Johnsgard's extensive experience in litigation, particularly in personal injury, human rights, consumer fraud, and product defects, aligns with the firm's mission to advocate for justice and provide exceptional legal representation to those wronged or injured.</p><p>Johnsgard's approach to law is deeply personal, emphasizing the importance of direct attorney-client interaction to foster healing and secure financial recovery for clients. This philosophy mirrors the firm's distinctive commitment to personalized legal services, setting a high standard in the legal industry for client care and attention.</p><p>With a background that includes significant pro bono work and academic excellence, Johnsgard brings a unique blend of compassion and expertise to the firm. Her contributions to the Journal of Climate and Energy Law and her internships with prestigious legal institutions highlight her broad legal acumen and dedication to justice.</p><p>The firm's recent promotions of Joshua A. Fields and John Washington, alongside Johnsgard's addition, reflect a strategic expansion aimed at enhancing its capabilities in complex litigation. This growth not only reinforces the firm's leadership in legal representation but also its readiness to address the evolving challenges in employment, consumer, civil rights, and human rights cases.</p><p>For individuals and communities facing complex legal issues, Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes' strengthened team offers a beacon of hope and a proven track record of success. The firm's focus on justice, combined with its expanded expertise, positions it as a pivotal player in the legal landscape, ready to tackle the most pressing legal challenges of today.</p>