+++
title = "Siyata Mobile Inc. Announces U.S. Manufacturing Shift for Rugged and 5G Handsets"
date = "2024-12-19T13:30:06Z"
draft = false
summary = "Siyata Mobile Inc. is relocating its manufacturing operations to the United States, a strategic move expected to enhance its market reach and align with consumer preferences for American-made products."
description = "Siyata Mobile Inc. makes strategic move to relocate manufacturing to the U.S. in alignment with the growing trend of 'Made In America' products. The decision reflects the company's commitment to enhancing sales opportunities and better serving its customer base, including government agencies and first responders."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/siyata-mobile-shifts-manufacturing-to-the-u-s-as-made-in-america-takes-off-380163490"
enclosure = "https://public.newsdirect.com/380163490/p0JGK71W.png"
article_id = 91519
feed_item_id = 9464
url = "/202412/91519-siyata-mobile-inc-announces-us-manufacturing-shift-for-rugged-and-5g-handsets"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2412/19/nuke8oH7.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Siyata Mobile Inc. (NASDAQ: SYTA), a leading provider of Push-To-Talk over Cellular (PTToC) devices and cellular signal booster systems, has announced its decision to move the manufacturing of its SD7 rugged handsets and forthcoming 5G handsets to the United States. This strategic relocation, set to commence in the first quarter of 2025, is poised to significantly impact the company's operational efficiency and market penetration, especially within the U.S. public sector.</p><p>The move is in response to a growing preference for domestically manufactured products among U.S. consumers and is supported by recent federal policies aimed at bolstering American manufacturing. Legislation such as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the CHIPS and Science Act has catalyzed private sector investments in domestic production, with nearly $900 billion committed and around 800,000 manufacturing jobs created. Siyata's decision to manufacture in the U.S. is expected to resonate well with its key clientele, including governmental agencies and first responders, who prioritize American-made products for their operations.</p><p>Marc Seelenfreund, CEO of Siyata Mobile, highlighted the dual benefits of this strategy, noting the importance of meeting client preferences for U.S.-made products and the operational advantages of reduced delivery times and enhanced logistics infrastructure. This shift is anticipated to not only strengthen Siyata's foothold in the U.S. market but also capitalize on the consumer trend favoring American manufacturing, potentially boosting sales in the public sector.</p><p>The announcement comes on the heels of Siyata's impressive financial performance, with a 218% year-over-year revenue increase to $5.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, 81% of which was generated from the U.S. market. The company has also secured significant partnerships, including a collaboration with T-Mobile US Inc. to introduce its SD7 Ultra series 5G mission-critical push-to-talk (MCPTT) cellular radio handsets on T-Mobile's 5G network. Additionally, a $2.5 million order from an international emergency medical services organization for PTT handsets and Real Time View devices underscores the rising demand for Siyata's innovative solutions.</p><p>By aligning its manufacturing strategy with current market trends and government initiatives, Siyata Mobile is positioning itself for enhanced competitiveness and growth in the U.S. market, particularly among public sector clients and consumers who value American-made products.</p>