+++
title = "Sweets Health by Rose LLC Opens in North Richland Hills, Offering Holistic Massage Therapies"
date = "2024-12-19T08:00:14Z"
draft = false
summary = "The launch of Sweets Health by Rose LLC introduces a variety of holistic massage therapies to North Richland Hills, catering to the growing demand for personalized wellness services."
description = "Calena Rose White proudly announces the opening of Sweets Health by Rose LLC, a new massage therapy business in North Richland Hills, Texas. White offers a variety of massage treatments, including Swedish massage, pregnancy massage, and hot-stone therapy. She is currently accepting new clients and offering a 10-percent discount for first-time customers."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/516892/sweets-health-by-rose-now-open-for-service-at-the-salon-and-spa-galleria-bedford-euless-in-north-richland-hills-texas"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0516892_211796.jpg"
article_id = 91523
feed_item_id = 9449
url = "/202412/91523-sweets-health-by-rose-llc-opens-in-north-richland-hills-offering-holistic-massage-therapies"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2412/19/cornUZ3C.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The wellness community in North Richland Hills, Texas, has expanded with the opening of Sweets Health by Rose LLC, a new massage therapy business founded by Calena Rose White. Located within the Salon and Spa Galleria Bedford-Euless Rd facility, this venture brings a holistic approach to health and wellness, offering services such as Swedish massage, deep-tissue massage, and hot stone therapy, among others.</p><p>White, a military veteran and holistic licensed massage therapist, leverages her Southern hospitality and professional expertise to address the diverse needs of her clients. Her training from the Massage Therapy program at Tarrant County College South Campus and membership in the American Massage Therapy Association underscore her commitment to delivering high-quality, tailored treatments.</p><p>The services at Sweets Health by Rose LLC are designed to promote relaxation, improve circulation, and alleviate pain, with special attention to the needs of expectant mothers through pregnancy massage. Hot stone therapy, one of the featured services, offers deep relaxation and improved muscle circulation, highlighting the business's focus on holistic healing.</p><p>To mark its opening, Sweets Health by Rose LLC is offering a 10-percent discount to first-time customers, with appointments required seven days a week. The business's location within the Salon and Spa Galleria network provides clients with easy access, ample parking, and a handicap-accessible facility, making wellness services more accessible to the community.</p><p>The opening of Sweets Health by Rose LLC reflects the expanding wellness industry's trend towards personalized and holistic care. With its comprehensive range of massage therapies and White's dedication to holistic healing, the business is well-positioned to meet the increasing demand for wellness services in North Richland Hills and beyond.</p>