+++
title = "Peoples Financial Corporation Reports Mixed Financial Results for Q4 2024 Amidst Record Annual Earnings"
date = "2025-01-23T22:05:12Z"
draft = false
summary = "Peoples Financial Corporation's Q4 2024 results show a net income decrease to $1,528,000, overshadowed by a record annual net income of $21,703,000, fueled by a significant tax benefit and strategic financial management."
description = "Peoples Financial Corporation announces Q4 earnings, new stock repurchase program, and increased full-year net income. Stay informed about the financial performance of the Company."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/peoples-financial-corporation-reports-results-for-the-fourth-quarter-of-2024-announces-new-stock-repurchase-program-and-sets-date-for-annual-meeting-830418245"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 91261
feed_item_id = 10310
url = "/202501/91261-peoples-financial-corporation-reports-mixed-financial-results-for-q4-2024-amidst-record-annual-earnings"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/251/23/eachjXBF.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Peoples Financial Corporation disclosed its fourth quarter financial results for 2024, marking a net income of $1,528,000, which represents a $195,000 decrease from the same period in 2023. The earnings per weighted average common share also saw a decline, dropping to $0.33 from $0.37 the previous year. This downturn was primarily attributed to a $300,000 rise in noninterest expenses, largely due to increased employee benefits costs, alongside a $63,000 decrease in total interest income and a $234,000 increase in interest expenses, driven by higher deposit account interest rates.</p><p>Despite the quarterly setbacks, the corporation celebrated its third-best annual earnings in history, with net income soaring to $21,703,000 in 2024 from $9,166,000 in 2023. This remarkable growth was significantly bolstered by a one-time discrete tax benefit of $15,194,000, resulting from the reversal of the valuation allowance on federal and state deferred tax assets.</p><p>In a strategic move, the board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program, allowing the company to buy back up to 40,000 shares or shares worth $750,000, effective immediately and lasting through December 31, 2025. This initiative replaces the previous 2024 repurchase plan, under which 44,220 shares were repurchased.</p><p>Total shareholders' equity experienced a substantial increase of $20,718,000, reaching $90,001,000 by the end of 2024. This growth was fueled by positive pre-tax earnings, a reduction in unrealized securities losses, and the aforementioned tax asset valuation allowance reversal. The corporation maintained a robust leverage ratio of 13.95% and continued to offer a wide array of banking services across the Mississippi Gulf Coast.</p><p>Under the leadership of Chairman and CEO Chevis C. Swetman, Peoples Financial Corporation remains steadfast in its commitment to asset quality and economic vigilance. With total assets amounting to $832 million and a network of 18 bank facilities, the corporation exemplifies financial resilience amidst economic challenges.</p>