+++
title = "IntusCare Strengthens Board with Marcus Whitney to Advance Healthcare Technology for the Elderly"
date = "2025-01-21T15:00:07Z"
draft = false
summary = "IntusCare appoints Marcus Whitney to its Board of Directors to leverage his healthcare investment expertise in enhancing technology solutions for elderly care."
description = "IntusCare appoints Marcus Whitney to board of directors and unveils new technology platforms, CareHub and IRIS, for healthcare innovation. This strategic partnership emphasizes IntusCare's commitment to enhancing healthcare outcomes for older adults through technology and services."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/intuscare-announces-marcus-whitney-as-new-board-member-strengthening-leadership-and-expertise-in-healthcare-innovation-151535410"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-1.jpg"
article_id = 91288
feed_item_id = 10224
url = "/202501/91288-intuscare-strengthens-board-with-marcus-whitney-to-advance-healthcare-technology-for-the-elderly"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/251/21/openOdPc.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>IntusCare, a pioneer in the PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly) sector, has announced the addition of Marcus Whitney to its Board of Directors. This strategic appointment underscores IntusCare's commitment to revolutionizing healthcare technology and services for the elderly, particularly those in underserved communities. Whitney, the founder and managing partner of Jumpstart Health Investors (JHI), is renowned for his investments in healthcare solutions that aim to reduce disparities and improve access to care.</p><p>The timing of Whitney's appointment coincides with IntusCare's expansion of its technology offerings, including the recent introduction of CareHub, an electronic medical record and practice management solution, and IRIS, a specialized risk adjustment system. With a background as a healthcare venture capitalist, entrepreneur, and best-selling author, Whitney's diverse expertise is expected to propel IntusCare's mission forward. His role at JHI and his contributions to healthcare innovation and the arts highlight his unique ability to bridge gaps in the healthcare sector.</p><p>Robbie Felton, CEO of IntusCare, expressed confidence in Whitney's ability to influence the company's direction positively. Felton noted that Whitney's visionary leadership would be instrumental in developing technologies that enable healthcare providers to offer more effective and compassionate care to the elderly, especially those who are dual-eligible and face significant social and clinical challenges.</p><p>Whitney shared his enthusiasm about joining IntusCare's board, praising the company's leadership in transforming care for a critically underserved population. His alignment with IntusCare's mission—empowering geriatric care providers through innovative technology—signals a promising future for the company's impact on elderly care. Founded in 2019 by Brown University students, IntusCare has focused on creating predictive analytics platforms to improve outcomes for the elderly, demonstrating a clear commitment to addressing the complexities of the U.S. healthcare system for this vulnerable group.</p>