+++
title = "Insight Works Enhances Product Configurator App for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central"
date = "2025-01-16T08:05:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "Insight Works has upgraded its Product Configurator app for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central, offering manufacturers and sales teams advanced tools to streamline product configuration workflows and reduce errors."
description = "Insight Works enhances Product Configurator app for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central, revolutionizing product configuration for businesses. Automate tasks, improve efficiency, and stay ahead of the competition with this powerful tool."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/517957/simplify-product-configuration-in-business-central-with-product-configurator"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/industry-manufacturing-2.jpg"
article_id = 91326
feed_item_id = 10121
url = "/202501/91326-insight-works-enhances-product-configurator-app-for-microsoft-dynamics-365-business-central"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/251/16/beanbXk8.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Insight Works, a prominent developer of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central applications, has announced significant upgrades to its Product Configurator app. These enhancements are set to revolutionize how manufacturers and sales teams handle complex product configurations, by automating bill of materials (BOM) and routing generation, thereby minimizing manual errors and boosting operational efficiency.</p><p>The Product Configurator app's seamless integration with Business Central's manufacturing planning systems facilitates real-time updates for pricing and production processes. Among its standout features are automated BOM and routing generation, an advanced rule builder to avert impossible configurations, and dynamic pricing capabilities. These features empower businesses to set up intricate configuration rules, ensuring that product designs tailored to customer specifications are met with precision.</p><p>Brian Neufeld, Director of Marketing at Insight Works, highlighted the app's potential to transform business operations by simplifying complex workflows, eradicating expensive errors, and enabling businesses to fulfill customer expectations more swiftly and accurately.</p><p>The app delivers several key advantages for manufacturing and sales teams, such as automated calculations for cost and weight, BOM multipliers for accounting waste and trim materials, and an intuitive interface that cuts down training time and fosters better team collaboration.</p><p>Utilizing the Product Configurator app allows businesses to automate manual tasks, decrease configuration errors, increase customer satisfaction through quicker and more precise quotes, and strengthen the coordination between production and planning systems. Tailored to address the specific challenges of businesses in various sectors, the app equips organizations with robust tools to simplify even the most daunting configuration processes, helping them stay ahead in a competitive marketplace.</p>