+++
title = "Newday Impact Strengthens Leadership with Appointment of Jason Britton as Chief Investment Officer"
date = "2025-01-14T15:00:12Z"
draft = false
summary = "Newday Impact's appointment of Jason Britton as CIO and Board member marks a strategic enhancement to its values-based investment and analytics offerings, signaling a broader accessibility to impact investing."
description = "Newday Impact appoints Jason Britton as Chief Investment Officer and Board member, expanding values-driven investing and offering tools for individual investors. This collaboration empowers investors to create social and environmental impact."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/jason-britton-of-reflection-asset-management-to-serve-as-newday-impacts-chief-investment-officer-and-assume-seat-on-board-of-directors-742119550"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/finance-3.jpg"
article_id = 91343
feed_item_id = 10071
url = "/202501/91343-newday-impact-strengthens-leadership-with-appointment-of-jason-britton-as-chief-investment-officer"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/251/14/bakeNuaF.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Newday Impact has announced the appointment of Jason Britton, a seasoned financial services expert and founder of Reflection Asset Management and Reflection Analytics, as its new Chief Investment Officer and Board member. This decision underscores Newday Impact's commitment to expanding values-based investment opportunities and enhancing analytics capabilities for both individual and institutional investors.</p><p>Britton's extensive experience, including advising on over $10 billion in assets under advisement, positions him as a pivotal figure in Newday Impact's mission to transform the investment landscape. His background as a process patent holder and professor of thematic investing aligns with the company's goals, promising to bring innovative strategies to the forefront of impact investing.</p><p>Doug Heske, CEO and Founder of Newday Impact, highlighted the strategic importance of Britton's role in expanding the company's product offerings and analytics capabilities. The collaboration between Newday Impact, its NIO Platform, and Britton's firms reflects a unified effort to equip investors with the tools needed for principled investing decisions.</p><p>Britton shared his enthusiasm for the opportunity to democratize values-based investing through the Newday NIO platform, aiming to make it the leading destination for comprehensive impact investing. His proprietary investment approach, honed at Yale University and top global financial institutions, is expected to significantly enhance Newday's analytical and investment strategies.</p><p>The partnership also introduces the innovative Reflect software platform by Reflection Analytics, featuring a unique ESG ratings tool that analyzes 250 data points from an investor's perspective. Covering 6,500 companies, which represent 98% of global market capitalization, this tool is designed to assist portfolio managers in navigating emerging compliance standards and making informed investment choices.</p><p>By integrating Britton's expertise and innovative tools, Newday Impact is poised to further its mission of simplifying and deepening impact investing, guided by the UN Sustainable Development Goals. This collaboration represents a significant advancement in making values-driven investment strategies more accessible and actionable for a diverse range of investors worldwide.</p>