+++
title = "2025 Home Design and Remodeling Show to Showcase Innovations and Trends in Fort Lauderdale"
date = "2025-01-30T08:05:13Z"
draft = false
summary = "The upcoming Home Design and Remodeling Show in Fort Lauderdale will feature the latest in home improvement innovations, design trends, and technological integrations, offering valuable insights for homeowners and industry professionals alike."
description = "The Home Design and Remodeling Show in Fort Lauderdale in 2025 features celebrity guest Josh Flagg from Million Dollar Listing, expert advice, innovative products, and immersive exhibits. Explore the latest trends in home design, receive industry insights, and discover exclusive deals at this premier home improvement event."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/519257/transform-your-living-space-the-home-design-and-remodeling-show-returns-to-fort-lauderdale"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/food-beverage-1.jpg"
article_id = 93342
feed_item_id = 10478
url = "/202501/93342-2025-home-design-and-remodeling-show-to-showcase-innovations-and-trends-in-fort-lauderdale"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/251/30/rendo_ma.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The Greater Fort Lauderdale/Broward County Convention Center is set to host the annual Home Design and Remodeling Show from January 31 to February 2, 2025. This event will occupy over 150,000 square feet, featuring hundreds of exhibitors showcasing thousands of products, including kitchen and bathroom remodeling solutions, smart home technologies, and solar innovations. Attendees will have the opportunity to explore immersive exhibits that highlight the latest trends in home improvement, such as outdoor kitchens, pergolas, impact windows, and advanced technological integrations.</p><p>Highlighting the event will be celebrity appearances, including Josh Flagg from Bravo's Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles, who will share insights on selling high-end properties and increasing home values. Culinary enthusiasts can look forward to live cooking demonstrations by Chef Amanda Currie from Hell's Kitchen and private chef Chef Vick. The show also designates Friday, January 31, as Industry Day, offering professionals a chance to network, discover new products, and gain strategic business insights.</p><p>Top interior designers such as Catherina De Nicolo, Perla Lichi, and Catalina Patino will present their expertise on blending artistry, culture, and innovation in design. Practical workshops, including those led by Marty Kiar, Broward County Property Appraiser, will cover topics like property tax savings and deed fraud prevention. Interactive experiences, including the Plant Me Rosey DIY workshop, will provide hands-on learning opportunities for attendees to create unique design elements.</p><p>Open Friday and Saturday from noon to 8:00 PM and Sunday from noon to 7:00 PM, the Home Design and Remodeling Show is poised to be a key resource for anyone interested in the latest home improvement trends, design innovations, and technological advancements. This event not only serves as a platform for showcasing the future of home design but also as a gathering point for industry professionals and homeowners to exchange ideas and strategies for enhancing living spaces.</p>