+++
title = "Vertical IQ Enhances Industry Intelligence Platform with New Features and Expands Market Reach in 2024"
date = "2025-01-28T14:00:15Z"
draft = false
summary = "Vertical IQ's 2024 innovations and expansions in its Industry Intelligence platform offer businesses deeper market insights and tools for navigating complex industries."
description = "Vertical IQ prepares for a successful 2025 with enhanced industry data and a strong focus on community service and customer experiences. Learn how the company's strategic vision and product innovations are driving growth and impacting users."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/vertical-iq-heads-into-2025-fueled-by-innovation-and-growth-546026558"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-1.jpg"
article_id = 93355
feed_item_id = 10410
url = "/202501/93355-vertical-iq-enhances-industry-intelligence-platform-with-new-features-and-expands-market-reach-in-2024"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/251/28/filol_FU.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Vertical IQ, a Raleigh-based company, has marked 2024 with significant advancements in its Industry Intelligence platform, introducing features that promise to deliver more comprehensive business insights. Among the notable enhancements is the Localized Industry Data offering, which equips users with detailed market insights such as industry density trends, company numbers, employment statistics, and wage information. This development is poised to provide businesses with the granular data needed to make informed decisions in specific markets.</p><p>The platform's expansion doesn't stop there. Vertical IQ has also launched a new Resource Center, aimed at facilitating user navigation through guides and training, alongside enhanced co-branding options and improved data export capabilities. With the addition of numerous industry profiles, the platform now boasts over 920 profiles, covering more than 97% of revenue-generating industries in the U.S. and Canada. This extensive coverage ensures that professionals across various sectors have access to relevant and up-to-date industry intelligence.</p><p>A standout feature introduced this year is the Merchant Services-focused Prep Sheets. These sheets are designed to offer tailored insights and critical industry questions, aiding professionals in preparing more effectively for their business challenges. Beyond technological advancements, Vertical IQ has also made strides in corporate social responsibility through its VIQcares program. This employee-led initiative encourages volunteering by offering paid time off and supports charitable causes, reflecting the company's commitment to making a positive impact beyond the business sphere.</p><p>David Buffaloe, President of Vertical IQ, has expressed optimism about the company's trajectory, underscoring a strategic vision focused on enhancing customer experiences, expanding market reach, and driving product innovations. These efforts are aimed at empowering sales and advisory professionals to navigate the complexities of today's business landscapes with greater ease and confidence. Vertical IQ's dedication to providing comprehensive, user-friendly industry intelligence cements its role as a key player in helping businesses understand and analyze market dynamics effectively.</p>