+++
title = "The Patent Baron Relocates to Historic McPherson Mansion, Merging Business Growth with Historical Preservation"
date = "2025-01-08T08:05:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Patent Baron's move to the historic McPherson Mansion in Howell, Michigan, highlights a unique blend of business expansion and commitment to community and historical preservation."
description = "The Patent Baron, a Howell-based law firm, moves to the historic McPherson Mansion, emphasizing community reinvestment and intellectual property rights. Firm founder J. Baron Lesperance discusses the importance of preserving history while offering trademark registration, copyright protection, and legal action services."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/517653/the-patent-baron-announces-new-office-location-in-the-historic-mcpherson-mansion"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 93433
feed_item_id = 9919
url = "/202501/93433-the-patent-baron-relocates-to-historic-mcpherson-mansion-merging-business-growth-with-historical-preservation"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/251/8/yarn0g1d.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The Patent Baron, a boutique intellectual property law firm, has taken a significant step by relocating its offices to the historic McPherson Mansion in Howell, Michigan. This move not only marks a new chapter in the firm's growth but also its dedication to community reinvestment and the preservation of local history. Specializing in intellectual property protection for over two decades, The Patent Baron's transition to this iconic location underscores a harmonious blend of past and present.</p><p>The McPherson Mansion, with its rich history dating back to 1915 and tales of local lore, provides a unique backdrop for The Patent Baron's operations. The firm's founder, J. Baron Lesperance, emphasized the importance of this move, stating it reflects their commitment to the community and the preservation of Howell's heritage. The mansion, once home to a prominent local businessman and a mint farm, now serves as a beacon for innovation and creativity, aligning perfectly with the firm's mission to protect intellectual property.</p><p>The ribbon-cutting ceremony on November 12, 2024, was a testament to the community's support, drawing attendees from various chambers of commerce. This event not only celebrated the firm's new beginning but also offered a glimpse into the mansion's storied past, including its rumored haunted areas. The Patent Baron's relocation is more than a physical move; it's a statement of their ethos, marrying the protection of inventors' rights with the preservation of historical landmarks.</p><p>Now fully operational in its new location, The Patent Baron continues to offer comprehensive intellectual property services, from trademark registration to copyright licensing. This strategic relocation positions the firm at the crossroads of Howell's historical legacy and its future as a center for innovation, offering a distinctive professional environment that honors the past while looking forward to the future.</p>