+++
title = "Orbis International Appoints Mark White as New Chief Financial and Administrative Officer to Bolster Global Fight Against Preventable Blindness"
date = "2025-06-03T08:30:05Z"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Orbis International has welcomed <strong>Mark White</strong> as its new Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (CFAO), bringing over 25 years of experience in the international NGO sector. White's previous roles include Chief Financial Officer at Alight and leadership positions at Habitat for Humanity across various global offices. His appointment is seen as a significant addition to Orbis, with CEO <strong>Diana Wheeler</strong> highlighting his expertise in financial leadership and commitment to fostering team collaboration. White's personal experience with eye care, following a sports-related injury, underscores his connection to Orbis's mission of improving global eye care systems. Orbis, known for its innovative programs like <a href=\"https://c212.net/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4436091-1&h=3070981434&u=https%3A%2F%2Fc212.net%2Fc%2Flink%2F%3Ft%3D0%26l%3Den%26o%3D4329945-1%26h%3D4032838554%26u%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.orbis.org%252Fen%252Fwhat-we-do%252Fcybersight%26a%3DCybersight\" rel=\"nofollow noopener\">Cybersight</a> and the <a href=\"https://c212.net/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4436091-1&h=940877285&u=https%3A%2F%2Fc212.net%2Fc%2Flink%2F%3Ft%3D0%26l%3Den%26o%3D4329945-1%26h%3D3481180275%26u%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.orbis.org%252Fen%252Fwhat-we-do%252Fflying-eye-hospital%26a%3DFlying%2BEye%2BHospital\" rel=\"nofollow noopener\">Flying Eye Hospital</a>, continues to lead efforts against preventable blindness worldwide.</p>"
description = "Orbis International names Mark White as new CFOA, leveraging his 25+ years in NGO leadership to advance global eye care initiatives and combat preventable blindness."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/701358/orbis-appoints-mark-white-as-chief-financial-and-administrative-officer/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/leadership-management-3.jpg"
article_id = 85154
feed_item_id = 14948
url = "2025-06-03-orbis-international-appoints-mark-white-as-new-chief-financial-and-administrative-officer-to-bolster-global-fight-against-preventable-blindness"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/256/3/echoidmY.webp"
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>Orbis International, a global nonprofit leader in combating preventable blindness and vision loss, has announced the appointment of Mark White as its new Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (CFAO). This strategic move is set to amplify Orbis's efforts in building sustainable eye care systems worldwide, leveraging White's 25 years of experience in the international NGO sector.</p><p>White's previous role as Chief Financial Officer at Alight, coupled with his tenure at Habitat for Humanity across various regions, brings a wealth of knowledge in strategic planning, finance, and operational leadership to Orbis. His personal connection to eye care, stemming from his own laser eye surgery experience, further aligns with the organization's mission to make eye care accessible to all.</p><p>Orbis CEO Diana Wheeler praised White's appointment, citing his exceptional ability to foster collaboration and development within global teams. White's academic credentials, including a Master of Science in taxation and a B.A. in accounting, along with his recognition as CFO of the Year in 2023, highlight his readiness to drive Orbis's financial and administrative strategies forward.</p><p>Operating in over 200 countries, Orbis International is renowned for its innovative programs like Cybersight and the Flying Eye Hospital. These initiatives, supported by the organization's commitment to transparency and accountability, have earned it prestigious accolades. With White at the helm of its financial and administrative operations, Orbis is poised to expand its impact in eliminating preventable blindness, marking a new chapter in its global mission.</p>