+++
title = "Bick Law LLP Enhances Legal Expertise with Addition of Former DOJ Attorney Tyler Alexander"
date = "2025-06-18T23:53:01+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Bick Law LLP welcomes Tyler Alexander, a former Trial Attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice, as a new attorney specializing in federal environmental and natural resources law. Tyler brings extensive experience in defending government permits and projects in federal courts, as well as expertise in various federal environmental statutes.</p>"
description = "Former DOJ Trial Attorney Tyler Alexander joins Bick Law LLP, bolstering the firm's environmental law expertise. With a focus on federal environmental statutes and litigation, Tyler's addition enhances the firm's ability to provide specialized legal services to clients."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/523062/bick-law-llp-welcomes-former-doj-environmental-trial-attorney-tyler-alexander"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/industry-manufacturing-1.jpg"
article_id = 84294
feed_item_id = 14831
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/256/2/wall0Awh.webp
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Bick Law LLP has taken a significant step in bolstering its legal team by welcoming Tyler Alexander, a former Trial Attorney from the U.S. Department of Justice's Environment and Natural Resources Division (ENRD). Alexander's arrival brings a wealth of expertise in federal environmental and natural resources law, a move that underscores the firm's commitment to addressing increasingly complex environmental legal challenges.</p><p>With seven years of experience defending high-profile government permits and projects across federal courts, Alexander's background is notably diverse. His work has touched on critical areas such as southern border security, mineral and oil and gas development, and wildfire mitigation initiatives. This breadth of experience positions him as a valuable asset to Bick Law LLP, particularly in navigating the intricate web of federal environmental statutes.</p><p>Alexander's legal acumen spans several key environmental laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA), National Forest Management Act (NFMA), and the Endangered Species Act. His litigation experience also extends to water rights matters in California and representing the United States in Fifth Amendment takings trials, further highlighting his versatile legal skill set.</p><p>Kimberly Bick, co-managing partner of Bick Law LLP, emphasized the strategic significance of Alexander's addition to the firm. She pointed out that his deep government experience and specialized knowledge in environmental regulations would significantly augment the firm's ability to tackle complex environmental legal issues. This addition comes at a pivotal time as the firm marks its 10-year anniversary and continues to cement its reputation as a leading environmental law firm.</p><p>Recently featured in the Chambers Spotlight California 2025 Guide for Orange County – Environment, Bick Law LLP's commitment to excellence in environmental law is clear. The firm's focus on providing specialized litigation, compliance, and transactional services across various industries is further strengthened by Alexander's expertise. His joining not only enhances the firm's legal offerings but also signals its readiness to address the evolving challenges in environmental law, offering clients unparalleled legal support in this critical area.</p>