+++
title = "Experienced Hairstylist Michaela Ann Launches Independent Business in Georgetown, Texas"
date = "2025-04-22T07:05:19Z"
draft = false
summary = "Michaela Ann, a licensed hairstylist with over 13 years of experience, launches independent venture, Styled by Michaela Ann, in Georgetown, TX at Hill Country Salon Suites. Her personalized, quality-focused approach offers tailored services to clients' unique needs, prioritizing lasting relationships."
description = "Licensed hairstylist Michaela Ann debuts Styled by Michaela Ann at Hill Country Salon Suites in Georgetown, TX, offering personalized, quality-focused services. This news underscores the significance of supporting local entrepreneurs and prioritizing lasting client relationships."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/521959/styled-by-michaela-ann-opens-in-georgetown"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 85549
feed_item_id = 13061
url = "2025-04-22-experienced-hairstylist-michaela-ann-launches-independent-business-in-georgetown-texas"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/254/22/takeHVDD.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Michaela Ann, a licensed hairstylist with over a decade of professional experience, has taken a significant step in her career by establishing her independent hairstyling business at Hill Country Salon Suites in Georgetown, Texas. With 13 years in the beauty industry, Ann specializes in men's and women's haircuts, color treatments, and specialty services, bringing a wealth of expertise to her new venture.</p><p>Ann's journey into hairstyling began in high school, where her natural talent for creating custom hairstyles that enhance client confidence became evident. Her approach is deeply rooted in providing quality and personalized attention, ensuring each client receives a unique look tailored to their individual needs and preferences. This commitment to personalized service is a cornerstone of her new business located in Suite 109 at Hill Country Salon Suites.</p><p>The salon offers a welcoming and professional environment, designed to reflect the personal style and lifestyle of each client. For Ann, a Georgetown resident and mother of three, this move represents not just a career advancement but also a commitment to serving her local community. Transitioning from corporate salon settings to an independent professional space allows Ann to foster more personalized client interactions, a shift that underscores her dedication to individualized care.</p><p>Hill Country Salon Suites, owned by Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton, provides an ideal setting for Ann's business. The facility boasts twenty-six luxury salon suites equipped with amenities such as individual HVAC controls, brightly lit parking, free Wi-Fi, and entertainment options for clients, ensuring a comfortable and convenient experience.</p><p>Ann's mission is clear: to help every client look and feel their best through expert care and genuine personal connection. Her extensive professional background and unwavering commitment to personalized service make her a valuable addition to Georgetown's beauty industry, promising a refreshing and professional hair care experience for all her clients.</p>