+++
title = "HR.com Launches Subscription Program to Boost HR Consultants' Professional Visibility"
date = "2025-06-19T04:24:58+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>HR.com introduces a new subscription-based HR consultant branding program aimed at enhancing visibility and authority for HR professionals. The program offers three levels of subscriptions with reward points for active engagement, allowing consultants to lower their costs. With a community of over 2 million HR professionals, HR.com provides opportunities for consultants to showcase their expertise and connect with HR leaders seeking guidance and solutions.</p>"
description = "HR.com introduces a new subscription-based HR consultant branding program designed to enhance visibility and authority for HR professionals. With three levels of subscriptions and reward points for active engagement, consultants can showcase expertise, connect with HR leaders, and navigate workplace challenges effectively."
source_link = "https://newsworthy.ai/news/202505271533/hr-com-launches-new-program-to-boost-visibility-for-hr-consultants"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/human-resources-1.jpg"
article_id = 84801
feed_item_id = 14612
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/newsworthy/qrcode/255/27/poemBlNZ.webp
source = "Newsworthy.ai"
+++

<p>HR.com has unveiled a subscription program designed to empower HR consultants by enhancing their professional visibility and brand recognition within the industry. This initiative caters to professionals across various HR specializations such as recruitment, talent management, and HR technology, providing them with an affordable avenue to showcase their expertise and grow their professional networks.</p><p>The program features three subscription levels, each offering consultants the chance to earn reward points through community engagement. These points can be used to offset subscription costs, introducing a novel incentive for professional advancement. Among the key advantages are opportunities to establish professional authority via speaking engagements, publishing content on HR.com's platform, and being featured in HR Excellence magazines.</p><p>Additionally, the program facilitates deeper professional connections by allowing consultants to send InMails to HR.com members, positioning them as go-to experts for decision-makers in search of HR solutions. With a community of over 2 million HR professionals, HR.com stands as a significant platform for networking, sharing insights, and building thought leadership.</p><p>Debbie McGrath, Chief Instigator and CEO of HR.com, highlighted the program's strategic importance, noting its potential to enable consultants to significantly influence workplace discussions and professional growth. This initiative represents a pivotal step for HR consultants aiming to elevate their standing in a competitive industry, offering them the tools and visibility needed to succeed.</p>