+++
title = "Plus 1 App Launches to Revolutionize Social Connections Through Shared Experiences"
date = "2025-06-19T04:31:40+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Plus 1, a Miami-based social connection app, has officially launched on the App Store and Google Play. Created to streamline the process of finding companions for various activities, Plus 1 focuses on matching users based on shared interests rather than just appearances. The app includes features like real ID verification and a post-meetup Reliability Score to foster genuine connections.</p>"
description = "Miami-based social connection app Plus 1 is now live on the App Store and Google Play, offering users a new way to find companions for various activities. With features like real ID verification and a post-meetup Reliability Score, Plus 1 prioritizes genuine connections and reliability in a crowded market."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/523103/plus-1-app-launches-on-ios-and-android-bringing-real-world-connections-to-life-featured-at-miami-swim-week-fashion-show"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-1.jpg"
article_id = 84823
feed_item_id = 14534
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/255/23/leanC0Br.webp
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The launch of the Plus 1 app on iOS and Android marks a significant shift in how individuals connect online, prioritizing shared experiences over superficial attributes. This Miami-based social connection app is designed to address the inefficiencies of current social platforms by matching users based on their desired activities, thereby fostering more meaningful and genuine interactions.</p><p>Founder Jeff Wulkan highlights the app's unique philosophy, which seeks to eliminate the common frustrations associated with endless swiping and unproductive messaging. By focusing on event-first matching, Plus 1 aims to create a more accountable and engaging social networking experience. Features such as optional real ID verification, an integrated messaging system, and a post-meetup Reliability Score are set to enhance user safety and interaction quality.</p><p>The app's versatility allows it to cater to a wide range of social scenarios, from finding companions for festivals to networking opportunities or even potential wedding dates. Its introduction at the exclusive DRIP Fashion Show during Miami Swim Week underscores its appeal to a diverse audience, including models, creators, and influencers.</p><p>Chief Operating Officer Angie Romasanta emphasizes the app's mission to build trust and facilitate genuine connections. With its free availability on both iOS and Android, Plus 1 is poised to transform the social networking landscape by encouraging users to connect through shared interests and activities, potentially setting a new standard for how people meet and interact online.</p>