+++
title = "Surf Air Mobility Inc. Advances Regional Air Travel with Strategic and Technological Innovations"
date = "2025-05-15T13:20:18Z"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Stonegate Capital Partners updates their coverage on Surf Air Mobility Inc. (NYSE: SRFM), reporting revenue, adj EBITDA, and adj EPS figures. The Company is moving into the Optimization Phase, aiming to improve profitability and growth. Significant updates include the interline agreement with Japan Airline and the launch of the new Jet Card.</p><p>SRFM is enhancing regional air travel through advancements in Air Mobility, Software, and Electrification. The Company is refining its route structure, optimizing operations with the SurfOS platform, and pioneering aviation electrification. Management remains optimistic about reaching revenue targets and positive Adj. EBITDA by year end.</p>"
description = "Stonegate Capital Partners provides updates on Surf Air Mobility Inc. (NYSE: SRFM), revealing revenue, adj EBITDA, and adj EPS figures. Learn about the Company's Optimization Phase, interline agreement with Japan Airline, and advancements in Air Mobility, Software, and Electrification."
source_link = "https://stonegateinc.reportablenews.com/pr/stonegate-capital-partners-updates-coverage-on-surf-air-mobility-inc-nyse-srfm-2025-q1"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/reportable/newsimage/098275cb162675f8d0424668ac9fbe82.jpg"
article_id = 84902
feed_item_id = 14224
url = "2025-05-15-surf-air-mobility-inc-advances-regional-air-travel-with-strategic-and-technological-innovations"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/reportable/qrcode/255/15/takew69j.webp"
source = "Reportable"
+++

<p>Surf Air Mobility Inc. (NYSE: SRFM) is setting a new standard in regional air travel, leveraging strategic operational improvements and cutting-edge technological innovations to redefine the industry. With a reported revenue of $23.5 million in the first quarter of 2025, the company is on a clear path toward enhancing profitability and operational efficiency. This progress is underpinned by a series of strategic moves, including the optimization of its network by exiting unprofitable routes and adjusting schedules to better meet market demand.</p><p>The relocation of SRFM's operations to the Dallas/Fort Worth area marks a significant milestone, enabling the company to attract top-tier aviation professionals and implement cost-reducing measures in pilot compensation, work rules, and resource planning. Furthermore, the establishment of its first international interline agreement with Japan Airlines exemplifies SRFM's ambition to expand its global footprint, while the introduction of a new Jet Card service underscores its dedication to improving the end-user experience.</p><p>At the heart of SRFM's innovation strategy is the SurfOS platform, an AI-driven software system currently in beta testing with six users. This platform is designed to revolutionize regional air travel operations through advanced modules for flight scheduling, pricing, and operational analytics. The recent addition of a Flight and Crew Scheduling module further enhances the platform's capability to streamline operational efficiency.</p><p>In the realm of electrification, SRFM is making significant strides with the development of proprietary electric powertrain technology for the Cessna Caravan, targeting FAA certification by 2027. The company is also exploring joint venture opportunities to maximize the potential of its electrification initiatives. Financial analysts at Stonegate Capital Partners have expressed optimism regarding SRFM's future, projecting the company to meet its full-year revenue target of $100 million and achieve positive Adjusted EBITDA by the end of the year. With projected revenues between $23.5 million and $26.5 million for the second quarter of 2025, SRFM's strategic and technological advancements are poised to make a lasting impact on the regional air travel industry.</p>