+++
title = "DOJ's Dismissal of Lawsuits Could Redirect Over $1 Billion to Local Municipal Budgets"
date = "2025-06-19T04:36:37+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Modern Fortis commends the DOJ for dismissing lawsuits in Kentucky and Minnesota and six other investigations. President Joe Cameron highlights the billion-dollar taxpayer-funded enterprise and the need for reinvestment in local policing programs. Modern Fortis aims to reshape the Federal Consent Decree process for fairness and accountability, representing law enforcement professionals nationwide.</p>"
description = "DOJ dismisses lawsuits in Kentucky and Minnesota, leading to a billion-dollar reinvestment in local policing programs. Modern Fortis advocates for fairness and accountability in law enforcement nationwide."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/doj-action-restores-over-one-billion-to-local-cities-158856654"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/leadership-management-1.jpg"
article_id = 84838
feed_item_id = 14478
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/255/21/cooliNTN.webp
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>The recent decision by the U.S. Department of Justice to dismiss lawsuits in Kentucky and Minnesota, along with six other pre-consent-decree investigations, marks a pivotal moment for local municipal budgets and law enforcement agencies. This action, as reported by Modern Fortis, a political and strategic advocacy firm, could potentially restore over one billion dollars to local budgets, offering a much-needed financial reprieve to cities grappling with the high costs of federal consent decrees.</p><p>Joe Cameron, President of Modern Fortis, shed light on the financial burden these decrees impose, estimating that jurisdictions could spend between $100-300 million over the lifetime of a consent decree. The dismissal of these legal actions not only alleviates this financial strain but also signals a possible shift in the federal government's approach to overseeing local law enforcement. This development is seen as a move towards granting more autonomy to local communities in managing their public safety operations.</p><p>The United Coalition of Public Safety (UCOPS), represented by Modern Fortis, has welcomed this decision, viewing it as an opportunity to advocate for systemic changes that enhance fairness, efficiency, and accountability in public safety. By potentially redirecting substantial financial resources back into local programs, cities may now have the flexibility to invest in innovative public safety solutions tailored to their unique needs.</p><p>This strategic shift by the DOJ underscores a broader intention to reform the consent decree process, aiming to reduce federal oversight and empower local jurisdictions. The implications of this decision extend beyond immediate financial relief, suggesting a long-term transformation in how federal agencies collaborate with municipal law enforcement systems to achieve public safety goals.</p>