+++
title = "Bandwidth Inc. Wins Two Gold Stevie Awards for Customer Engagement and Service Innovation"
date = "2025-04-23T19:50:11Z"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Bandwidth Inc. (NASDAQ: BAND), a leading global enterprise cloud communications company, has won two Gold StevieⓇ Awards for achievements in Customer Engagement and Customer Service Innovation. Bandwidth's wins were selected from more than 2,100 nominations across 45 nations and territories.</p><p>Bandwidth won Best Customer Engagement Initiative for the success of its inaugural customer conference, Reverb24, and also received the top award for Innovation in Customer Service for the second year in a row.</p><p>Bandwidth is renowned for its expert, human-based support available 24/7/365, backed by capabilities and responsiveness that consistently exceed typical standards in the CPaaS and telecom space.</p>"
description = "Bandwidth Inc. wins Gold Stevie Awards for Customer Engagement and Service Innovation, showcasing their commitment to exceptional customer service and innovation. The recognition highlights Bandwidth's customer-centric approach and sets them apart in a competitive market."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/bandwidth-receives-top-honors-for-customer-engagement-and-customer-service-innovation-at-2025-stevie-awards-547633228"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/newsimage/b4f5764d5ba10250fc917f972f01901a.jpg"
article_id = 85511
feed_item_id = 13164
url = "2025-04-23-bandwidth-inc-wins-two-gold-stevie-awards-for-customer-engagement-and-service-innovation"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/254/23/ableWBhc.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Bandwidth Inc., a leader in cloud communications, has recently been honored with two prestigious Gold Stevie Awards, a testament to its excellence in customer engagement and service innovation. These awards, chosen from a pool of over 2,100 nominations across 45 nations and territories, spotlight Bandwidth's unwavering commitment to enhancing customer experiences and setting new standards in the telecommunications industry.</p><p>The first Gold Award was bestowed upon Bandwidth for the Best Customer Engagement Initiative, recognizing its inaugural customer conference, Reverb24. This event successfully united more than 1,400 participants, both in-person and virtually, fostering a unique platform for engagement and collaboration. The Stevie Award judges lauded the conference for its impeccable execution and the strategic value it delivered to attendees, marking it as a benchmark for customer engagement in the tech sector.</p><p>Additionally, Bandwidth secured the Gold Award for Innovation in Customer Service, a nod to its customer success team's development of bespoke automation tools. These tools have dramatically improved response and resolution times for enterprise customers, earning praise from judges for their forward-thinking approach and serving as a model for support teams industry-wide.</p><p>These accolades underscore Bandwidth's dedication to customer-centric operations, a philosophy that has yielded a 99 percent customer retention rate and recognition as a G2 Leader in Communications Platform as a Service (CPaaS) for 26 consecutive quarters. The company's around-the-clock support model further distinguishes it in a highly competitive market, reinforcing its reputation for reliability and innovation.</p><p>CEO David Morken highlighted the awards as a reflection of Bandwidth's mission to prioritize customer needs, showcasing the company's innovative strategies in enterprise cloud communications. This recognition not only celebrates Bandwidth's achievements but also signals its pivotal role in shaping the future of technology and customer service in the telecommunications landscape.</p>