+++
title = "Bainbridge Companies Strengthens Leadership with New Vice President of Facilities"
date = "2025-06-18T23:26:46+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>The Bainbridge Companies, a leading name in the multifamily real estate sector, has welcomed Kevin Kochersperger as its new Vice President of Facilities. Kochersperger, with over three decades of experience and a host of certifications including Certified Professional Facilities Manager and OSHA Safety Officer, is set to lead capital improvement and maintenance operations across Bainbridge's luxury communities. His role is pivotal in enhancing operational efficiency, sustainability, and safety standards, aligning with Bainbridge's mission to offer superior living environments. Richard Schechter, Chairman and CEO of Bainbridge, highlighted Kochersperger's technical expertise and leadership as key to the company's continued growth and quality enhancement.</p> <p>Beyond his professional achievements, Kochersperger is also known for his community service, volunteering with organizations like American Humane and Meals on Wheels. Bainbridge Companies, since its inception in 1997, has developed and acquired over 43,000 apartment homes, totaling more than $8 billion in transactions, and operates with a team of over 650 associates nationwide. This appointment underscores Bainbridge's commitment to excellence and innovation in facilities management and real estate development.</p>"
description = "Bainbridge Companies appoints Kevin Kochersperger as VP of Facilities, enhancing luxury living through expert facilities management and sustainability."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/702220/bainbridge-companies-appoints-kevin-kochersperger-as-vice-president-of-facilities/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/real-estate-2.jpg"
article_id = 84223
feed_item_id = 15059
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/256/4/numbd80k.webp
source = citybiz
+++

<p>The Bainbridge Companies, a prominent name in the multifamily real estate sector, has recently announced the addition of Kevin Kochersperger to its executive team as the new Vice President of Facilities. This strategic move is set to bolster the company's capabilities in managing and improving its portfolio of luxury communities across the United States. Kochersperger's appointment is a testament to Bainbridge's unwavering commitment to operational excellence and sustainability in facilities management.</p><p>With a rich career that spans over thirty years in both the public and private sectors, Kochersperger brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to his new role. His responsibilities will include leading capital improvement initiatives, overseeing renovation projects, and ensuring the smooth operation of daily maintenance activities. His professional credentials, such as being a Certified Professional Facilities Manager (CPFM) and an OSHA Safety Officer, underscore his qualifications to drive significant advancements in the company's facilities management practices.</p><p>Richard Schechter, Chairman, CEO, and Managing Principal of Bainbridge Companies, expressed confidence in Kochersperger's ability to contribute to the company's goals. Schechter highlighted Kochersperger's technical expertise and leadership skills as critical assets that will help elevate the quality and performance of Bainbridge's communities. Beyond his professional achievements, Kochersperger's dedication to community service, including his volunteer work with organizations like American Humane and Meals on Wheels, reflects his commitment to making a positive impact beyond the corporate world.</p><p>This leadership appointment is indicative of Bainbridge Companies' focus on maintaining high standards in facilities management to ensure that residents enjoy superior living environments. Kochersperger's innovative approach to tackling the challenges of modern facilities management is expected to further enhance Bainbridge's standing in the competitive multifamily real estate industry. His role is pivotal in steering the company towards achieving its vision of creating sustainable, high-quality communities that meet the evolving needs of residents.</p>