+++
title = "Sun Life U.S. Strengthens Dental Leadership with Appointment of Dr. Todd Gray as Chief Dental Officer"
date = "2025-06-18T23:27:28+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Sun Life U.S. has announced the appointment of Dr. Todd Gray as the Chief Dental Officer (CDO) for its Dental business, including DentaQuest. Dr. Gray will lead the enhancement of the organization's clinical strategy, focusing on evidence-based improvements, quality oversight, and fostering collaboration with dental providers and associations. His role is pivotal in driving innovation in oral healthcare and advocating for the integration of oral health into overall health policies. With over 20 years of experience in dental leadership, Dr. Gray's expertise spans direct patient care, managed care dental benefits, and special populations, including those with Medicaid. His appointment underscores Sun Life U.S. Dental's commitment to improving oral health through preventive care and expanded access, managing benefits for approximately 35 million Americans.</p> <p>David Healy, president of Dental at Sun Life U.S., highlighted Dr. Gray's unique blend of experience as crucial for aligning clinical strategies across Sun Life's segments, from group dental coverage to Medicaid programs. Dr. Gray expressed his enthusiasm for the role, emphasizing his passion for facilitating efficient dental care delivery and working closely with providers to enhance oral health outcomes. Sun Life U.S. Dental, through its Preventistry® approach, aims to revolutionize dental care by focusing on prevention, quality, and accessibility, making it a leader in Medicaid and CHIP dental benefits administration in the U.S.</p>"
description = "Sun Life U.S. appoints Dr. Todd Gray as Chief Dental Officer to lead clinical strategy and innovation in oral healthcare, enhancing access and quality for millions."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/702102/sun-life-u-s-appoints-dr-todd-gray-as-chief-dental-officer/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/leadership-management-3.jpg"
article_id = 84225
feed_item_id = 15049
+++

<p>Sun Life U.S. has taken a significant step forward in its commitment to oral healthcare improvement with the appointment of Dr. Todd Gray as the Chief Dental Officer (CDO) for its Dental business. This strategic move underscores the organization's dedication to enhancing evidence-based practices, quality oversight, and innovative solutions in oral healthcare. Dr. Gray's leadership is expected to play a pivotal role in advancing Sun Life's clinical strategy, fostering collaboration with dental providers, and ensuring better access and outcomes for patients across the United States.</p><p>David Healy, president of Dental at Sun Life U.S., emphasized the importance of Dr. Gray's appointment in strengthening the clinical team and enhancing provider collaboration. With Dr. Gray's extensive experience in dental leadership, including roles in direct patient care, managed care dental benefits administration, and advocacy for special populations, Sun Life is poised to drive clinical alignment across its diverse segments. These segments include group dental coverage, DentaQuest Medicaid programs, and Medicare Advantage solutions, highlighting the company's comprehensive approach to oral health improvement.</p><p>Dr. Gray's enthusiasm for his new role reflects his passion for efficient dental care delivery and alignment with Sun Life and DentaQuest's mission to expand oral healthcare access. His focus on prevention and collaboration with dental providers is anticipated to significantly contribute to achieving improved oral health outcomes in communities nationwide. With over 20 years of experience, including serving as a clinical advisor for DentaQuest and CDO for Teledentistry.com, Dr. Gray brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to lead Sun Life's dental business towards innovative and inclusive healthcare solutions.</p><p>Through its Preventistry® approach, Sun Life U.S. Dental is committed to transforming dental benefits by prioritizing preventive care, expanding access, and fostering valued relationships within the healthcare ecosystem. Managing dental and vision benefits for approximately 35 million Americans, Sun Life continues to lead as the largest Medicaid and CHIP dental benefits administrator in the U.S., reinforcing its commitment to delivering cost-effective plans and services. Dr. Gray's appointment marks a milestone in Sun Life's ongoing efforts to enhance oral healthcare delivery and outcomes, benefiting millions of Americans.</p>