+++
title = "Moore & Van Allen PLLC Recognized as National Leader in Legal Industry by Chambers USA"
date = "2025-06-19T03:51:07+00:00"
draft = false
summary = "<p>Moore & Van Allen PLLC (MVA) has been recognized as a national leader in Banking & Finance and Financial Services Regulation: Banking (Compliance) by <i>Chambers and Partners</i>, with attorneys Edward P. O’Keefe and Neil T. Bloomfield also receiving national leader rankings. The firm's excellence is further highlighted by 12 practice areas and 39 attorneys earning Carolinas rankings in the <a href=\"https://chambers.com/legal-guide/usa-5\">2025 <i>Chambers USA</i> legal industry referral guide</a>. Managing Partner Thomas L. Mitchell expressed pride in the firm's achievements, underscoring the dedication and talent behind these recognitions. MVA's top rankings in North Carolina span a wide range of practice areas, including Banking & Finance, Intellectual Property, and Real Estate, among others. Additionally, the firm and its attorneys have been acknowledged for their expertise in Corporate/M&A in Charlotte & Surrounds and Health Care in South Carolina. The rankings are a testament to MVA's commitment to excellence and client service, as recognized by <i>Chambers</i>, a leading legal research organization known for its rigorous <a href=\"https://chambers.com/about-us/methodology\">research methodology</a>.</p>"
description = "Moore & Van Allen PLLC earns top rankings in 2025 Chambers USA guide, highlighting 12 practice areas and 39 attorneys as leaders in legal excellence."
source_link = "https://www.citybiz.co/article/703317/12-moore-van-allen-practices-39-attorneys-earn-top-rankings-in-esteemed-chambers-usa-legal-guide/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/government-politics-3.jpg"
article_id = 84657
feed_item_id = 15255
qrcode = https://cdn.newsramp.app/citybiz/qrcode/256/5/bestASY6.webp
source = "citybiz"
+++

<p>Moore & Van Allen PLLC (MVA) has been prominently featured in the 2025 Chambers USA legal industry referral guide, securing its position as a national leader in Banking & Finance and Financial Services Regulation: Banking (Compliance). This prestigious acknowledgment not only celebrates the firm's achievements but also its attorneys, Edward P. O’Keefe and Neil T. Bloomfield, who were individually recognized for their expertise in Financial Services Regulation: Banking (Compliance).</p><p>The firm's excellence extends beyond national rankings, with notable distinctions in the Carolinas across 12 practice areas and 39 attorneys receiving individual accolades. In North Carolina, MVA achieved top rankings in several key areas including Banking & Finance, Bankruptcy/Restructuring, and Litigation: General Commercial. The firm's expertise in Corporate/M&A in Charlotte & Surrounds and Health Care in South Carolina further demonstrates its versatile legal prowess and significant regional influence.</p><p>Thomas L. Mitchell, Managing Partner and Chairman of MVA, highlighted the firm's recognition as a reflection of its team's unwavering dedication, exceptional talent, and strategic achievements. The Chambers USA rankings, known for their rigorous evaluation process based on firm submissions and client interviews, serve as a credible testament to MVA's high-quality service, technical legal ability, and commercial insight.</p><p>This accolade from Chambers USA not only solidifies MVA's status as a leader in the legal industry but also underscores its enduring commitment to delivering outstanding service to its clients. With a rich history of 75 years, MVA continues to influence the legal landscape in the Southeast, nationally, and globally, through its comprehensive legal solutions and dedication to fostering client and community success.</p>