+++
title = "Mullen Automotive Advances Domestic Battery Production for Sustainable EV Future"
date = "2024-11-22T15:50:12Z"
draft = false
summary = "Mullen Automotive's initiative to produce next-generation battery packs domestically underscores its commitment to sustainability and reducing reliance on imported components, marking a pivotal step for the U.S. electric vehicle market."
description = "Mullen Automotive provides update on domestic battery operations and expansion of commercial dealer network, highlighting commitment to sustainable, American-made battery technology and potential growth opportunities for customers and investors."
source_link = "https://rss.investorbrandnetwork.com/ult-prem/mullen-nasdaq-muln-highlights-american-made-battery-production-at-fullerton-facility/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/environment-energy-3.jpg"
article_id = 91678
feed_item_id = 8863
url = "/202411/91678-mullen-automotive-advances-domestic-battery-production-for-sustainable-ev-future"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/ibn/qrcode/2411/22/bakeXNdz.webp"
source = "InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)"
+++

<p>Mullen Automotive, a notable player in the electric vehicle (EV) sector, is making strides in domestic production of next-generation battery packs and modules at its Fullerton, California facility. This effort is central to the company's zero-emission goals and aims to lessen the U.S. EV industry's dependence on imported battery components. David Michery, CEO and Chairman of Mullen, highlighted the importance of transitioning to American-made battery technology as part of the company's sustainability objectives.</p><p>The push for domestic battery production is a strategic move by Mullen to strengthen its foothold in the U.S. EV market. The company has expanded its manufacturing capabilities with two facilities in Tunica, Mississippi, and Mishawaka, Indiana, covering 120,000 and 650,000 square feet, respectively. These expansions reflect Mullen's dedication to American manufacturing and its role in the burgeoning EV sector.</p><p>Significant milestones have marked Mullen's journey, including the commencement of commercial vehicle production in Tunica in August 2023 and the subsequent IRS approval for federal EV tax credits on its commercial vehicles in September 2023. This designation allows eligible customers to receive up to $7,500 per vehicle, enhancing the affordability of Mullen's EVs. Furthermore, the Mullen ONE and Mullen THREE have achieved CARB and EPA certification, with the latter also receiving HVIP approval, offering up to a $45,000 cash voucher at purchase.</p><p>Mullen's commercial dealer network has grown to seven dealers across crucial U.S. regions, ensuring widespread sales and service coverage. The company's Tunica facility's recent Foreign Trade Zone status approval further bolsters its competitive edge by offering duty deferments and eliminations on exported vehicles.</p><p>By focusing on domestic battery production, Mullen Automotive is not only advancing its sustainability and energy independence goals but also contributing to the U.S. automotive industry's evolution. This initiative may inspire other companies to adopt similar practices, fostering a more sustainable and domestically reliant EV market.</p>