+++
title = "Activate Expands into DACH Region, Redefining Interactive Entertainment"
date = "2024-11-19T13:00:14Z"
draft = false
summary = "Activate's strategic expansion into the DACH region marks a significant shift towards interactive, tech-driven entertainment experiences, promising to blend physical activity with digital gaming."
description = "Activate expands into the DACH region, partnering with VRex Entertainment and Sounds Fun Entertainment to bring cutting-edge entertainment and immersive experiences to Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. This marks a significant expansion for Activate, establishing it as a premier entertainment brand throughout the region."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/activate-expands-as-the-worlds-leading-entertainment-giant-with-an-ambitious-launch-into-the-dach-region-of-central-europe-722132127"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/arts-entertainment-1.jpg"
article_id = 91714
feed_item_id = 8722
url = "/202411/91714-activate-expands-into-dach-region-redefining-interactive-entertainment"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2411/19/vastP_nh.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Activate, the pioneering active gaming facility that has captivated audiences worldwide, is set to bring its innovative entertainment concept to the DACH region of Central Europe. This expansion, through partnerships with VRex Entertainment and Sounds Fun Entertainment, aims to introduce a new era of interactive, physically engaging experiences to Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. With a proven track record in North America and the Middle East, Activate's move into Europe underscores its ambition to redefine global entertainment standards.</p><p>The company's unique model, which merges the thrill of gaming with the benefits of physical activity, addresses contemporary concerns over sedentary lifestyles. Activate's CEO, Adam Schmidt, highlights the expansion as a pivotal step in their mission to innovate entertainment globally. The plan includes opening four locations in the first year, with an ambitious target of five new locations annually until 2029, starting with Germany in Q2 of 2025.</p><p>VRex Entertainment, instrumental in bringing Activate to the DACH region, discovered the potential of this innovative concept through its viral popularity. Christian Ebster of VRex Entertainment expressed excitement about transforming the region into a hub for immersive entertainment. Similarly, Sounds Fun Entertainment's collaboration since 2019 has been key to Activate's growth, showcasing the strength of strategic partnerships in expanding innovative entertainment concepts.</p><p>This expansion is more than a business milestone; it represents a broader industry trend towards integrating physical activity with digital entertainment. As Activate prepares to launch in Europe, its success could inspire similar ventures, potentially altering the entertainment landscape. With plans for 200 global locations, Activate is on a fast track to becoming a leading name in interactive entertainment, setting new standards for how we engage with technology and physical activity.</p>