+++
title = "New AI Program PanEcho Revolutionizes Echocardiogram Analysis"
date = "2024-11-16T22:05:16Z"
draft = false
summary = "PanEcho, a groundbreaking AI program, enhances echocardiogram analysis for faster, more accurate heart health assessments, promising significant improvements in medical diagnostics and patient care."
description = "Using artificial intelligence to interpret echocardiograms may lead to faster diagnosis and treatment of heart conditions, improving patient outcomes and potentially saving lives. PanEcho's ability to accurately assess all major findings from any set of echocardiography videos has the potential to streamline the diagnostic process and make medical care more accessible."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/ai-image-recognition-program-could-read-heart-images-faster-speed-care-7076475"
enclosure = "https://s3.amazonaws.com/cms.ipressroom.com/270/files/202411/84530ae269599da9_Gregory%2BHolste%2BM.S.E.jpg"
article_id = 91739
feed_item_id = 8621
url = "/202411/91739-new-ai-program-panecho-revolutionizes-echocardiogram-analysis"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/2411/16/airyLVlH.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>The introduction of PanEcho, an artificial intelligence program capable of independently interpreting echocardiography videos, marks a significant leap forward in cardiac care. Presented at the American Heart Association's Scientific Sessions 2024, PanEcho distinguishes itself by assessing multiple aspects of heart health from various imaging views, a notable advancement over previous AI applications limited to single views and specific disease criteria.</p><p>Developed by the Cardiovascular Data Science (CarDS) Lab at the Yale School of Medicine, PanEcho's potential extends to AI-assisted screening echocardiograms, especially in areas lacking expert readers. Its accuracy, measured by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), averages 0.91 across 18 diagnostic tasks, with near-perfect scores in detecting specific heart conditions such as severe aortic stenosis (0.99 AUC).</p><p>PanEcho's development utilized a comprehensive dataset of 1.23 million echocardiogram videos from nearly 34,000 tests, reflecting a diverse patient demographic. This extensive training underpins its ability to estimate critical heart function parameters with minimal error, such as a 4.4% mean absolute error in left ventricle ejection fraction estimation.</p><p>While PanEcho's initial results are promising, further validation in real-world clinical settings is essential. Its application with portable echocardiogram machines could revolutionize emergency rooms and smaller clinics, where rapid, accurate diagnostics are crucial. The public release of PanEcho's AI model aims to foster broader research into multi-task, multi-view echocardiogram interpretation approaches.</p><p>As AI technology continues to evolve, PanEcho exemplifies its potential to transform medical diagnostics, offering faster, more accurate heart health assessments that could significantly improve patient outcomes and healthcare efficiency.</p>