+++
title = "Securiport Sponsors IBMATA Border Management and Technologies Summit Asia Pacific"
date = "2024-11-18T08:00:08Z"
draft = false
summary = "Securiport's Gold Sponsorship of the IBMATA Summit highlights its commitment to advancing border security technologies and improving traveler experiences."
description = "Securiport proudly announces its Gold Sponsorship of IBMATA Asia Summit in Manila, Philippines. The event will bring together key stakeholders in border security and government to address evolving challenges in Asia and international border management. This news highlights the ongoing commitment of Securiport to advancing technologies and solutions that promote security and safety."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/516284/securiport-announces-gold-sponsorship-of-the-ibmata-border-management-and-technologies-summit-asia-pacific-held-in-the-philippines"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/frontier-tech-2.jpg"
article_id = 91730
feed_item_id = 8663
url = "/202411/91730-securiport-sponsors-ibmata-border-management-and-technologies-summit-asia-pacific"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2411/18/odor8XvB.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Securiport, a leader in civil aviation security and border control solutions, has taken a significant step by becoming a Gold Sponsor for the IBMATA Border Management and Technologies Summit Asia Pacific. This event, set for November 5-7, 2024, in Manila, Philippines, is a pivotal gathering for experts in border security, technology, and government to tackle the dynamic challenges in border management across Asia and beyond.</p><p>The summit is a vital forum for showcasing and discussing the latest in border management technologies. Securiport's role as a Gold Sponsor reflects its dedication to pioneering solutions that bolster security while enhancing the efficiency and experience of international travel. The company's participation is marked by contributions from two of its top executives. Nate Carpenter, Chief Technology Officer, will present on innovative technologies in border security, and Dr. Attila Freska, Chief Strategy Officer, will lead a panel on Smart Border Management in the region.</p><p>Dr. Enrique Segura, President and CEO of Securiport, highlighted the significance of their involvement, noting the opportunity to demonstrate their advanced systems and data analytics tools, including AI and Machine Learning capabilities. These technologies are crucial for predictive analytics, threat assessment, and operational excellence in border security.</p><p>Securiport's engagement in the summit is a testament to its global leadership in civil aviation security and border control systems. The company's use of biometric technologies and data analytics has set a benchmark for risk assessment and threat detection. With operations in numerous countries, Securiport continues to innovate in addressing the challenges of border security.</p><p>The IBMATA Summit offers a platform for discussing the future of border management, a topic of increasing importance as borders face more complex threats. Securiport's sponsorship underscores its commitment to collaboration and innovation in ensuring safe and efficient international travel. As the world navigates the post-pandemic landscape, the insights and technologies shared at this summit will be critical in shaping the future of border security.</p>