+++
title = "TekStream Solutions Strengthens Leadership with Appointment of Mark Seeley to Board of Advisors"
date = "2024-11-12T08:05:17Z"
draft = false
summary = "TekStream Solutions, LLC enhances its strategic direction by appointing Mark Seeley, a seasoned C-level executive, to its newly formed Board of Advisors, signaling a pivotal step in its growth and digital transformation expertise."
description = "TekStream Solutions, LLC appoints Mark Seeley as the first member of its newly established Board of Advisors, bringing unparalleled strategic and operational expertise to the company. Mark's appointment marks a significant milestone for TekStream as the company continues to expand and innovate in the tech solutions space."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/516093/tekstream-announces-mark-seeley-as-first-member-of-board-of-advisors"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0516093_210777.jpg"
article_id = 91784
feed_item_id = 8455
url = "/202411/91784-tekstream-solutions-strengthens-leadership-with-appointment-of-mark-seeley-to-board-of-advisors"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2411/12/markxMy4.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>TekStream Solutions, LLC, a leader in digital transformation, has announced the appointment of Mark Seeley as the inaugural member of its newly established Board of Advisors. This strategic addition underscores TekStream's dedication to harnessing elite expertise to fuel its expansion and innovation in the tech solutions sector.</p><p>Mark Seeley, with over twenty years of experience as a C-level executive in national and global services firms, including roles as CEO of Intellinet and Chief Sales Officer of the Americas at FPT Software, brings a wealth of knowledge to TekStream. His proven track record in fostering client-centric and values-driven businesses aligns perfectly with TekStream's mission.</p><p>Rob Jansen, CEO of TekStream, highlighted the significance of Seeley's appointment, noting his invaluable contributions over the past year in refining the company's market strategies and operational frameworks. Seeley's formal role on the Board of Advisors is a testament to the successful collaboration and his pivotal role in TekStream's growth trajectory.</p><p>Seeley's appointment is timely as TekStream continues to navigate the complexities of digital transformation for its clients. His expertise is anticipated to be instrumental in advancing the company's objectives, enhancing its service offerings, and maintaining its competitive edge in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.</p><p>TekStream, based in Atlanta, Georgia, specializes in accelerating digital transformation through a combination of technical expertise and staffing solutions. The company's commitment to delivering projects on time and within budget has earned it a 98% customer retention rate, solidifying its reputation as a trusted partner in digital transformation.</p><p>The formation of the Board of Advisors and the inclusion of a leader of Seeley's caliber reflect TekStream's proactive approach to addressing the growing demand for digital transformation services. As businesses increasingly prioritize digital initiatives, TekStream's enhanced leadership and advisory capabilities position it to seize new opportunities and drive innovation in the industry.</p>