+++
title = "MSL and Apata Forge Strategic Partnership to Enhance Financial Transaction Security in Europe and Beyond"
date = "2024-11-07T16:25:09Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Money Service Lab (MSL) partners with Apata to strengthen 3DSecure and authentication services, aiming to revolutionize digital financial transaction security globally."
description = "Money Service Lab partners with Apata to provide 3DSecure capability and Authentication services for card issuing and processing solutions in Europe. The collaboration will enable MSL to offer tailor-made solutions to Issuers of Debit, Credit, and Electronic Money, combined with the flexibility and outstanding technology offered by Apata."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/the-money-service-lab-msl-partners-with-apata-for-3dsecure-on-its-new-issuing-processing-platform-for-banks-and-issuers-in-europe-280939302"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/finance-2.jpg"
article_id = 91809
feed_item_id = 8340
url = "/202411/91809-msl-and-apata-forge-strategic-partnership-to-enhance-financial-transaction-security-in-europe-and-beyond"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2411/7/hikeoA9d.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>The financial technology sector witnesses a pivotal advancement as The Money Service Lab (MSL) announces a strategic partnership with Apata, focusing on enhancing 3DSecure capabilities and authentication services for card issuing and processing solutions across Europe. This collaboration is set to redefine security measures for banks, credit card issuers, and e-money institutions by leveraging MSL's innovative platform.</p><p>Conor Doyle, co-founder and CEO of MSL, expressed enthusiasm about the partnership, highlighting the alignment in technology and business approaches between the two companies. This synergy is expected to deliver tailor-made solutions to financial institutions, addressing the growing demand for secure digital transactions. The partnership's scope extends globally, with MSL eyeing expansion in the USA and LAC/South America regions, underscoring the importance of a versatile partner like Apata in facilitating this growth.</p><p>Mike Muscato, Head of Technology and co-founder of MSL, shed light on the technical prowess behind the partnership. The cloud-based solution offered by MSL, capable of creating multi-instances and multi-tenant versions of the platform instantaneously, promises to drastically reduce setup times for clients. This agility, combined with the platform's ability to handle 9000 Transactions Per Second, positions MSL and Apata as frontrunners in the quest for scalable and flexible financial transaction solutions.</p><p>From Apata's perspective, Niall Hogan, CPO and co-founder, and Shekinah Adewumi, CEO and co-founder, echoed the sentiment of shared values in innovation and customer service, reinforcing Apata's commitment to being the preferred partner for next-generation payment providers.</p><p>The implications of this partnership are profound for the financial industry, especially in Europe, where the surge in digital transactions necessitates advanced security measures. By offering robust 3DSecure and authentication services, MSL and Apata aim to mitigate fraud risks and bolster consumer confidence in digital finance. Furthermore, the partnership's global ambitions hint at the potential for standardized security protocols across markets, paving the way for a more secure and efficient global financial ecosystem.</p><p>In essence, the collaboration between MSL and Apata marks a significant leap forward in financial technology, promising enhanced security, operational efficiency, and innovation in digital transactions worldwide.</p>