+++
title = "Pearson Medical Technologies Launches m:Print v4 to Streamline DSCSA Compliance for Pharmacies"
date = "2024-11-08T13:05:16Z"
draft = false
summary = "Pearson Medical Technologies introduces m:Print Bar Code Labeling Software v4, enhancing pharmaceutical labeling and tracking to meet DSCSA requirements, thereby improving drug supply chain security and patient safety."
description = "Pearson Medical Technologies introduces M-Print bar code labeling software v4 for pharmacy Drug Supply Chain Security Act (DSCSA) compliance. The software enhances drug supply chain security and ensures DSCSA compliance, revolutionizing the pharmaceutical industry's approach to drug labeling and tracking."
source_link = "https://www.newmediawire.com/news/pearson-medical-technologies-introduces-m-print-bar-code-labeling-software-v4-for-pharmacy-drug-supply-chain-security-act-dscsa-compliance-7076403"
enclosure = "https://s3.amazonaws.com/cms.ipressroom.com/270/files/202411/226ce1464e1df863_672d6a6bda846f306ac0464c_1"
article_id = 91800
feed_item_id = 8377
url = "/202411/91800-pearson-medical-technologies-launches-mprint-v4-to-streamline-dscsa-compliance-for-pharmacies"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/newmediawire/qrcode/2411/8/mintEQJR.webp"
source = "NewMediaWire"
+++

<p>Pearson Medical Technologies has announced the release of m:Print Bar Code Labeling Software v4, a cutting-edge solution designed to assist pharmacies in complying with the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (DSCSA). This software update is a pivotal advancement in pharmaceutical labeling and tracking technology, catering to the dynamic needs of the healthcare sector.</p><p>The DSCSA, established in 2013, mandates the creation of an electronic, interoperable system to trace prescription drugs throughout the U.S. distribution network. Adherence to this act is vital for pharmacies to safeguard the drug supply chain and ensure patient safety. m:Print v4 is engineered to simplify DSCSA compliance with its support for 2D Data Matrix barcodes, crucial for encoding product identifiers such as the National Drug Code (NDC), serial number, lot number, and expiration date.</p><p>Among its standout features, m:Print v4 can seamlessly connect with wholesaler portals, enabling pharmacies to automatically download and archive Transaction Information (TI), Transaction History (TH), and Transaction Statements (TS) from wholesalers. This automation drastically cuts down on manual tasks and reduces the likelihood of errors in documentation.</p><p>Additionally, the software boasts improved data management functionalities, allowing for the storage and oversight of product master data, serial numbers, and transaction data. This comprehensive tracking system is essential for maintaining precise records and ensuring swift access to information during regulatory checks or recalls.</p><p>The redesigned user interface of m:Print v4 emphasizes ease of use and operational efficiency, facilitating a smoother transition for pharmacy staff to DSCSA-compliant procedures. With the November 27, 2023, DSCSA compliance deadline looming, m:Print v4 emerges as a critical tool for pharmacies striving to meet regulatory standards.</p><p>Beyond individual pharmacies, m:Print v4's capabilities support the DSCSA's overarching objectives of securing the drug supply chain and shielding patients from counterfeit or harmful medications. The software's introduction signifies a leap towards a more transparent and secure pharmaceutical supply chain, promising enhanced patient safety, fewer medication errors, and more effective recall mechanisms.</p><p>As the pharmaceutical industry gravitates towards digital solutions to fulfill DSCSA mandates, m:Print v4 is poised to become an integral component of pharmacy operations, setting a benchmark for inventory management and regulatory compliance. Pearson Medical Technologies' launch of m:Print v4 is a testament to the ongoing commitment to fortify the pharmaceutical supply chain, offering pharmacies a robust platform to achieve compliance while boosting operational efficiency and safeguarding patient health.</p>