+++
title = "Silbar Security Expands into Houston, Offering Tailored Security Solutions Amid Rising Demand"
date = "2024-11-27T08:05:15Z"
draft = false
summary = "Silbar Security's strategic expansion into Houston addresses the growing need for professional security services, offering customized solutions to meet the diverse security challenges of the city's businesses and communities."
description = "Silbar Security expands to Houston, Texas, offering armed and unarmed security services to private clients. The franchise aims to provide on-demand, customizable security solutions to businesses nationwide."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/516631/seasoned-silbar-security-owner-natasha-swan-expands-business-security-services-to-the-houston-market"
enclosure = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/attachments/051/press_release_distribution_0516631_211468.png"
article_id = 94619
feed_item_id = 8966
url = "/202411/94619-silbar-security-expands-into-houston-offering-tailored-security-solutions-amid-rising-demand"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/2411/27/bakeBUlF.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>Silbar Security, a leading provider of professional security services in the United States, has announced its expansion into the Houston, Texas market. This move is timely, as the demand for highly trained and adaptable security teams increases nationwide, driven by rising incidents of theft and property damage. Natasha Swan, a veteran in private security with over 20 years of experience, leads the Houston expansion, bringing her proven track record from successfully managing a Silbar Security franchise in Dallas.</p><p>The Houston branch will offer a wide range of security services, including armed and unarmed options, event staffing, business and residential security, hotel monitoring, retail security, and vehicle patrols. Additionally, Silbar Security provides temporary officers, fire watch, and emergency security services, allowing clients to customize security packages based on their specific needs and budgets. A standout feature of Silbar Security's approach is its emphasis on personalized service, enabling clients to collaborate with in-house experts to develop tailored protection and threat management strategies.</p><p>Houston, as the fourth largest city in the U.S., presents unique security challenges across its diverse sectors. Silbar Security's entry into this market is expected to significantly enhance the safety and security of the city's communities and businesses. Moreover, the expansion is likely to generate new job opportunities in the local security sector, contributing to the area's economic growth.</p><p>Under the leadership of Natasha Swan and backed by the national Silbar Security Corporation, founded in 2008 by former police officer and CEO Brandon Dean, the Houston franchise is set to deliver state-of-the-art security solutions. This expansion not only addresses Houston's immediate security needs but also sets a precedent for Silbar Security's potential growth in other markets, potentially influencing the broader professional security services industry.</p>