+++
title = "U.S. Faces Critical Antimony Shortage Amid Rising Global Tensions"
date = "2024-11-20T12:05:09Z"
draft = false
summary = "The U.S. is confronting a severe antimony shortage, crucial for military and national security, as China halts exports, prompting companies like Military Metals Corp. and Perpetua Resources to seek alternative sources."
description = "The shortage of antimony, a critical metal for military and industrial applications, is a pressing concern highlighted by JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon. With China controlling most of the world's antimony production and a soaring demand for the metal in the face of global conflict, companies like Military Metals Corp and Perpetua Resources Corp are racing to secure new supply."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/americas-shortage-of-this-metal-keeps-trump-awake-at-night-908637885"
enclosure = "https://public.newsdirect.com/908637885/Q981yjkA.png"
article_id = 94638
feed_item_id = 8763
url = "/202411/94638-us-faces-critical-antimony-shortage-amid-rising-global-tensions"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2411/20/warpZiyI.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>The United States is currently facing a critical shortage of antimony, a metal indispensable for military equipment and national security. This situation has escalated as China, responsible for nearly half of the global antimony supply, has ceased exports to the U.S. Antimony's role in military applications, from communication devices to nuclear weapons, underscores the urgency of this shortage, especially as the U.S. Army increases artillery shell production amidst escalating global tensions.</p><p>Military Metals Corp. (CSE:MILI; OTCQB:MILIF) has stepped forward as a potential remedy, acquiring significant antimony properties in Europe and North America. Their acquisitions include the Trojarova Antimony Project in Slovakia, with a historical resource exceeding 61,998 tons, and the West Gore Antimony Project in Nova Scotia, Canada, a key supplier during World War I. These moves could establish new critical mineral hubs outside of China's influence.</p><p>The geopolitical stakes are high, with figures like JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon highlighting the strategic intentions of China and Russia against the Western world. The antimony market's volatility, with prices soaring from $12,000 to over $38,000 per ton, mirrors the intense demand and scarce supply. Companies such as Perpetua Resources Corp (NASDAQ:PPTA) are also contributing to the solution, with the Stibnite Gold Project in Idaho receiving substantial federal backing, including a $1.86 billion loan guarantee interest.</p><p>This scramble for antimony and other critical metals is not just about meeting current military needs but securing a technological and geopolitical advantage in a rapidly changing world. The efforts of Military Metals Corp., Perpetua Resources, and others could be pivotal in maintaining Western military capabilities and ensuring global security and balance in the foreseeable future.</p>