+++
title = "Bacula Systems Unveils Version 18.2: A Leap Forward in Backup and Recovery for HPC and Virtual Environments"
date = "2024-11-19T12:20:10Z"
draft = false
summary = "Bacula Systems' latest software update enhances backup and recovery solutions for high-performance computing and diverse virtual machine environments, addressing critical security, compliance, and cost-efficiency needs."
description = "Bacula Systems announces Version 18.2 of its backup and recovery software with new HPC features, enhancing security and supporting various virtual machine types. This update underscores Bacula Systems' leadership in high security, high performance backup and recovery for demanding IT environments."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/bacula-announces-version-18-2-of-its-backup-and-recovery-software-with-new-hpc-features-333983415"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-2.jpg"
article_id = 94654
feed_item_id = 8717
url = "/202411/94654-bacula-systems-unveils-version-182-a-leap-forward-in-backup-and-recovery-for-hpc-and-virtual-environments"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/2411/19/yogafyxk.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Bacula Systems has launched version 18.2 of its backup and recovery software, marking a significant advancement in support for high-performance computing (HPC) environments and a broad spectrum of virtual machine types. This update solidifies Bacula's reputation as a frontrunner in delivering secure, high-performance backup solutions tailored for complex IT infrastructures.</p><p>The release arrives as the industry increasingly favors cost-effective alternatives to traditional virtual machines. According to Bacula's CEO, Frank Barker, the update highlights the software's unparalleled capability to manage backups across various virtual machine types, facilitating enhanced security, regulatory compliance, and notable cost reductions for organizations.</p><p>Key improvements in version 18.2 include extended support for virtual machine platforms such as Nutanix, VMware, Hyper-V, and others, alongside advanced security measures like data poisoning detection and FIPS 140-3 compliance. The introduction of a Single Item Restore feature for all Hypervisor plugins and Hypervisor to Cloud (EC2) conversion capabilities stand out, offering organizations greater flexibility and mitigating vendor lock-in risks.</p><p>Enhancements to the Hyper-V support enable agentless backups, while updates to the Kubernetes module and the addition of Amazon RDS backups reflect Bacula's commitment to addressing the needs of modern IT environments. The software's deduplication capabilities and support for HPC environments, including Quobyte, further demonstrate its adaptability and efficiency in handling vast data volumes.</p><p>Bacula's CTO, Jorge Gea, emphasized the software's distinctive advantages, including unlimited licensing, extensive operating system support, and unparalleled security features. This release underscores Bacula's dedication to offering scalable, secure, and flexible backup solutions that cater to the evolving demands of government agencies, educational institutions, and large enterprises.</p><p>As organizations navigate the challenges of growing data volumes, intricate IT infrastructures, and stringent security mandates, Bacula's version 18.2 emerges as a comprehensive solution. It not only meets current needs but also provides the agility required to adapt to future technological shifts, reinforcing Bacula Systems' position as a leader in the backup and recovery domain.</p>