+++
title = "Onar Holding Corporation Reports Significant Growth and Strategic Expansions in 2024"
date = "2025-04-24T13:45:09Z"
draft = false
summary = "Onar Holding Corporation announces a 57% revenue increase and strategic partnerships, highlighting its growth in the marketing technology sector and the launch of ONAR Labs for AI and machine learning innovations."
description = "Onar (OTCQB: ONAR) releases 2024 shareholder letter highlighting strong financial growth, global expansion, and tech-driven initiatives. CEO Claude Zdanow reports a 57% increase in revenue and a strategic partnership with iQSTEL. Plans for a strategic acquisition and independent board formation in 2025."
source_link = "https://rss.investorbrandnetwork.com/iw/investornewsbreaks-onar-holding-corporation-otcqb-onar-highlights-57-revenue-growth-global-expansion-and-onar-labs-in-annual-shareholder-letter/"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-3.jpg"
article_id = 85500
feed_item_id = 13199
url = "/202504/85500-onar-holding-corporation-reports-significant-growth-and-strategic-expansions-in-2024"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/ibn/qrcode/254/24/silkpWWx.webp"
source = "InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)"
+++

<p>Onar Holding Corporation (OTCQB: ONAR) has made headlines with its 2024 annual shareholder letter, showcasing a remarkable 57% increase in consolidated revenue for the first nine months of the year. This financial upturn is complemented by a strategic $250,000 reduction in cost of revenues, underscoring the company's efficient operational management and growth trajectory.</p><p>The company's expansion strategy is further evidenced by its partnership with iQSTEL (OTCQX: IQST) and the expansion of its workforce across five continents. A cornerstone of Onar's innovative approach is the introduction of ONAR Labs, a technology incubator dedicated to advancing artificial intelligence, machine learning, and analytics. This initiative positions Onar at the forefront of technological innovation in the marketing sector.</p><p>Onar's diversified agency network, comprising four specialized divisions, caters to a broad spectrum of market needs. Storia focuses on performance marketing and SEO, Of Kos specializes in healthcare marketing, and CHALK is renowned for creating unique experiential marketing events. This diversified portfolio enables Onar to serve a wide range of industries, targeting companies with revenues from $50 million to over $1 billion.</p><p>Looking ahead, Onar Holding Corporation is not resting on its laurels. The company is actively pursuing strategic acquisitions to broaden its network and plans to establish an independent board by 2025. With nearly 50 employees globally and over 45 clients across various sectors, Onar is cementing its status as a leader in marketing technology and integrated service delivery. This growth and strategic direction signal a promising future for Onar and its stakeholders, reflecting the dynamic evolution of the marketing technology landscape.</p>