+++
title = "Direxion Strengthens Leadership with Appointment of Mo Sparks as Chief Product Officer"
date = "2025-04-01T12:05:23Z"
draft = false
summary = "Direxion appoints Mo Sparks as Chief Product Officer to drive innovation and strategic growth in the ETF marketplace, leveraging his extensive experience in ETF product development."
description = "Mo Sparks joins Direxion as Chief Product Officer, leveraging over a decade of ETF experience to drive innovation and expansion in the global market. The appointment signals Direxion's commitment to offering cutting-edge solutions for traders and investors."
source_link = "https://newsdirect.com/news/direxion-appoints-mo-sparks-as-chief-product-officer-116551610"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/business-corporate-2.jpg"
article_id = 85729
feed_item_id = 12390
url = "/202504/85729-direxion-strengthens-leadership-with-appointment-of-mo-sparks-as-chief-product-officer"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/news-direct/qrcode/254/1/ovaluRQ1.webp"
source = "News Direct"
+++

<p>Direxion, a leading name in the Leveraged and Inverse ETFs sector, has announced the appointment of Mo Sparks as its new Chief Product Officer. This move is set to bolster the company's innovative capabilities and strategic positioning in the global ETF market. Sparks' extensive background in ETF product development and strategic growth, including pivotal roles at Raymond James Investment Management, the New York Stock Exchange, and Vanguard, brings a wealth of expertise to Direxion.</p><p>Douglas Yones, CEO of Direxion, expressed confidence in Sparks' ability to lead product innovation, citing his visionary leadership and profound understanding of global capital markets. Sparks' previous achievements, such as launching Raymond James' ETF business and facilitating the entry of over 125 asset managers into the ETF market during his time at NYSE, underscore his capability to drive Direxion's product development forward.</p><p>With a Bachelor of Science in Financial Management from Clemson University and a certification as an ETF Advisor, Sparks is well-equipped to navigate the complexities of the ETF landscape. His enthusiasm for joining Direxion is matched by his commitment to advancing product education and innovation, aiming to meet the dynamic needs of active traders worldwide.</p><p>Sparks' active participation in industry thought leadership, including speaking engagements at ETF conferences and roles on alumni boards, further highlights his dedication to the ETF sector. His strategic vision is expected to accelerate Direxion's product offerings and solidify its standing in a highly competitive market.</p><p>This appointment underscores Direxion's dedication to delivering advanced, purpose-built ETF solutions that empower sophisticated investors to manage market perspectives and control risk exposure effectively. Sparks' leadership is anticipated to play a pivotal role in shaping the future of Direxion's product lineup, reinforcing the company's reputation as a pioneer in derivative-based ETFs.</p>