+++
title = "Mission Driven Bank Fund Invests in American Bancorp Inc. to Enhance Financial Inclusivity"
date = "2025-04-02T07:05:40Z"
draft = false
summary = "The Mission Driven Bank Fund's investment in American Bancorp Inc. aims to expand financial services for underserved communities, highlighting a strategic move towards reducing the racial wealth gap."
description = "Mission Driven Bank Fund invests in American Bancorp Inc. to expand homeownership and small business opportunities in underserved communities. Learn more about how this investment is making a positive impact on financial inclusion and economic empowerment."
source_link = "https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/521310/the-mission-driven-bank-fund-backs-innovative-community-lender"
enclosure = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/banners/finance-3.jpg"
article_id = 93117
feed_item_id = 12426
url = "/202504/93117-mission-driven-bank-fund-invests-in-american-bancorp-inc-to-enhance-financial-inclusivity"
qrcode = "https://cdn.newsramp.app/24-7PressRelease/qrcode/254/2/pitapico2dUi.webp"
source = "24-7 Press Release"
+++

<p>The Mission Driven Bank Fund (MDBF) has made a strategic investment in American Bancorp Inc., the parent company of American Pride Bank, marking its eighth such deployment aimed at promoting financial inclusivity and community development. This move is set to bolster American Pride Bank's efforts in serving low- and moderate-income communities, with a significant focus on increasing homeownership and small business opportunities.</p><p>American Pride Bank, recognized as a Minority-Depository Institution (MDI), has a loan portfolio that predominantly benefits racial and ethnic minority groups, with nearly 75% of its loans directed towards these communities. Dominik Mjartan, CEO of American Bancorp Inc. and American Pride Bank, outlined the bank's plans to use the investment to launch a specialized mortgage division and expand its lending activities in real estate, small business, and consumer sectors.</p><p>Paul Welch, the Fund's portfolio manager, emphasized the investment as a step towards building long-term partnerships that foster a more equitable banking landscape. The Mission Driven Bank Fund focuses on supporting Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and Minority Depository Institutions that cater to African American, Native American, Asian, Hispanic, and Pacific Islander communities.</p><p>This collaboration between the Mission Driven Bank Fund and American Pride Bank is a concerted effort to address systemic financial disparities. By providing targeted capital and technical services, the initiative seeks to enhance growth and financial resilience in mission-driven banking sectors, while actively working to narrow the racial wealth gap. The investment is part of the Fund's broader capital raising efforts, continuing through May 2025, underscoring a commitment to creating inclusive financial ecosystems that support underserved communities and pave the way for economic opportunities.</p>